The Automatic Acquisition of Proof Methods.
Some Philosophical Problems with Formal Learning Theory.
Low-cost Outdoor Robot Platform for the Penn State Abington Mini Grand Challenge.
Classification of Noun Phrases into Concepts or Individuals.
Terminological Cycles in KL-ONE-based Knowledge Representation Languages.
Integrating Description Logics and Action Formalisms: First Results.
Building Semantic Mappings from Databases to Ontologies.
Robust Operative Diagnosis as Problem Solving in a Hypothesis Space.
Old Resolution Meets Modern SLS.
Generalization Heuristics for Theorems Related to Recursively Defined Functions.
Partial Compilation of Strategic Knowledge.
Using an Annotated Language Corpus as a Virtual Stochastic Grammar.
Toward a Learning of Object Models Using Analogical Objects and Verbal Instruction.
MedEthEx: A Prototype Medical Ethics Advisor.
Qualitatively Describing Objects Using Spatial Prepositions.
A Platform to Evaluate the Technology for Service Discovery in the Semantic Web.
Plan Abstraction Based on Operator Generalization.
An Analysis of Error Recovery and Sensory Integration for Dynamic Planners.
A Model of Two-Player Evaluation Functions.
Flexible Decision-Making in Sequential Auctions.
Quantifying Incentive Compatibility of Ranking Systems.
Case-Based Introspection.
QuOnto: Querying Ontologies.
Editorial Comprehension in OpEd through Argument Units.
On the Optimality of Probability Estimation by Random Decision Trees.
Looking for the AI in Software Engineering: An Applications Perspective.
Hiding Satisfying Assignments: Two Are Better than One.
Extracting Viewpoints from Knowledge Bases.
The KOJAK Group Finder: Connecting the Dots via Integrated Knowledge-Based and Statistical Reasoning.
Integrating Planning, Execution and Monitoring.
Building Applications Using End to End Composition of Web Services.
Automating the Underwriting of Insurance Applications.
Team Member Reallocation via Tree Pruning.
QUICR-Learning for Multi-Agent Coordination.
Constraint Limited Generalization: Acquiring Procedures From Examples.
Pengi: An Implementation of a Theory of Activity.
Semantic Tagging at the Sense Level.
Cultural Support for Improvisation.
Proving Theorems of Type Theory Automatically with TPS.
Keeping in Touch: Maintaining Biconnected Structure by Homogeneous Robots.
Biconnected Structure for Multi-Robot Systems.
Interference Detection and Collision Avoidance Among Three Dimensional Objects.
Clustering by Exceptions.
Automatic Generation of Semantic Attachments in FOL.
Fuzzy Induction in Dynamic User Profiling for Information Filtering.
A Comparative Study of Control Strategies for Expert Systems: Age Implementation of Three Variations of PUFF.
Representation of Control Knowledge in Expert Systems.
The Impact of Balancing on Problem Hardness in a Highly Structured Domain.
Panel: Directions for Expert Systems.
The Achilles' Heel of QBF.
Modeling Choices in Quasigroup Completion: SAT vs. CSP.
GKR: A Generic Model of Knowledge Representation.
Unclear Distinctions Lead to Unnecessary Shortcomings: Examining the Rule versus Fact, Role versus Filler, and Type versus Predicate Distinctions from a Connectionist Representation and Reasoning Perspective.
Soundness and Completeness of a Logic Programming Approach to Default Logic.
Explaining Qualitative Decision under Uncertainty by Argumentation.
Rule Learning by Searching on Adapted Nets.
SEMAPLAN: Combining Planning with Semantic Matching to Achieve Web Service Composition.
Analyses of Instance-Based Learning Algorithms.
A Planner for Reasoning about Knowledge and Action.
CPM: Context-Aware Power Management in WLANs.
Planning Natural-Language Utterances.
Model-Checking Memory Requirements of Resource-Bounded Reasoners.
Using Qualitative Reasoning to Understand Financial Arithmetic.
Generating Safe Assumption-Based Plans for Partially Observable, Nondeterministic Domains.
Learning Problem Classes by Means of Experimentation and Generalization.
An Instructional Environment for Practicing Argumentation Skills.
Integrating Planning and Reacting in a Heterogeneous Asynchronous Architecture for Controlling Real-World Mobile Robots.
Knowledge Level Engineering Ontological Analysis.
Machine Learning and Its Application at Nooksack Falls Hydroelectric Station.
Automatic Construction of User-Interface Displays.
The Goal/Subgoal Knowledge Representation for Real-Time Process Monitoring.
YAPS: A Production Rule System Meets Objects.
ARGOT: The Rochester Dialogue System.
Helicopter Routing for Maintaining Remote Sites in Alaska using a Genetic Algorithm.
Recent Developments in Butterfly Lisp.
An Approach to the Representation of Iterative Situations.
Compilation of Query-Rewriting Problems into Tractable Fragments of Propositional Logic.
Learning with Many Irrelevant Features.
Autonomous Subgoal Discovery and Hierarchical Abstraction for Reinforcement Learning Using Monte Carlo Method.
Determining the 3-D Motion of a Rigid Surface Patch Without Correspondence under Perspective Projection.
A Comparison of Action-Based Hierarchies and Decision Trees for Real-Time Performance.
An Adaptive Planner.
Real-Time Self-Explanatory Simulation.
Generating Dialectical Examples Automatically.
Compare and Contrast: A Test of Expertise.
AI Support for Building Cognitive Models.
Waiting on Weighting: A Symbolic Least Commitment Approach.
Tool Use for Autonomous Agents.
Determining Surface Type From Surface Normals.
A Correspondence Metric for Imitation.
Knowledge Refinement in a Reflective Architecture.
Design and Implementation of the CALO Query Manager.
Plan Recognition for Airborne Tactical Decision Making.
Overview of an Approach to Representation Design.
Maintaining Cooperation in Noisy Environments.
Mechanism Design for Single-Value Domains.
The AI Technologies of the Philadelphia Area Urban Wireless Network Testbed.
Intelligent Systems Demonstration: The Secure Wireless Agent Testbed (SWAT).
Impersonation-Based Mechanisms.
An Overview of Phi.
Solving DisCSPs with Penalty Driven Search.
Default Reasoning From Statistics.
Semi-Supervised Clustering with Limited Background Knowledge.
Question-based Acquisition of Conceptual Indices for Multimedia Design Documentation.
Using Induction to Refine Information Retrieval Strategies.
Forming Beliefs about a Changing World.
From Statistics to Beliefs.
On Optimal Game Tree Propagation for Imperfect Players.
The Expected Value of Hierarchical Problem-Solving.
Constraining a Deterministic Parser.
A Relational Representation of Modification.
Human Movement Understanding: A Variety of Perspectives.
An Interactive Constraint-Based Approach to Minesweeper.
Explanation-Based Indexing of Cases.
Tactic-Based Motion Modeling and Multi-Sensor Tracking.
A Value Theory of Meta-Learning Algorithms.
Leveraging Language into Learning.
Robust Supervised Learning.
Classifying Learner Engagement through Integration of Multiple Data Sources.
Planning with First-Order Temporally Extended Goals using Heuristic Search.
Automated Inspection Using Gray-Scale Statistics.
Spatial Aggregation for Qualitative Assessment of Scientific Computations.
A Stochastic Approach to Stereo Vision.
A Viewpoint Distinction in the Representation of Propositional Attitudes.
Combining Opinions About the Order of Rule Execution.
Reactive Planning in a Motivated Behavioral Architecture.
A Case-Based Reasoning System for Subjective Assessment.
The Hazards of Fancy Backtracking.
Mining Opinion Features in Customer Reviews.
Actions, Beliefs and Intentions in Rationale Clauses and Means Clauses.
Probabilistic Evaluation of Counterfactual Queries.
An Architecture for Intelligent Task Automation.
Representation of Task-Specific Knowledge in a Gracefully Interacting User Interface.
A Search Procedure for Perfect Information Games of Chance: Its Formulation and Analysis.
Reasoning about Qualitative Temporal Information.
Task Frames in Robot Manipulation.
On the Minimality and Decomposability of Constraint Networks.
Parallel Logical Inference and Energy Minimization.
On the Inherent Level of Local Consistency in Constraint Networks.
Modular Learning in Neural Networks.
Regression Based Causal Induction with Latent Variable Models.
The Keystone Scavenger Team.
Boosting Sex Identification Performance.
On Predicting User Intent.
AI and Software Engineering: Will the Twain Ever Meet?
Mixed-Initiative Approach to Collaboration in the Mathematical Domain.
Specification-Based Computing Environments.
A Logic of Deliberation.
HEARSAY-II: A Domain-Independent Framework for Expert Systems.
Default Logic, Propositional Logic, and Constraints.
Performance Bounded Reinforcement Learning in Strategic Interactions.
Efficient No-Regret Multiagent Learning.
On Computing Minimal Models.
Run-Time Prediction for Production Systems.
The Challenge of Real-Time Process Control for Production Systems.
Abstract Branching for Quantified Formulas.
Rule Based Updates on Simple Knowledge Bases.
Using SAT and Logic Programming to Design Polynomial-Time Algorithms for Planning in Non-Deterministic Domains.
Hybrid Possibilistic Networks.
Reasoning about Intended Actions.
Algorithms for Rationalizability and CURB Sets.
A Production System for Learning Plans From an Expert.
Goal Specification, Non-Determinism and Quantifying over Policies.
Regrets Only! Online Stochastic Optimization under Time Constraints.
Reasoning about Change in Knowledgeable Office Systems.
SCAT: An Automatic-Programming Tool for Telecommunications Software.
Opinion Extraction and Summarization on the Web.
Multi-Agent System Development: Design, Runtime, and Analysis.
Mathematical Domain Reasoning Tasks in Natural Language Tutorial Dialog on Proofs.
Task-Decomposition via Plan Parsing.
Manufacturing Processes Recognition of Machined Mechanical Parts using SVMs.
The Sensitivity of Motion and Structure Computations.
A Connectionist Parser with Recursive Sentence Structure and Lexical Disambiguation.
Noise-Tolerant Range Analysis for Autonomous Navigation.
Proving the Correctness of Digital Hardware Designs.
Agent-Based Modeling with Social Networks for Terrorist Recruitment.
Leap Before You Look: An Effective Strategy in an Oversubscribed Scheduling Problem.
Interpreting Line Drawings as Three-Dimensional Surfaces.
Abstraction in Bayesian Belief Networks and Automatic Discovery from Past Inference Sessions.
On the Adequateness of the Connection Method.
Minimal Belief and Negation as Failure: A Feasible Approach.
Perspective Taking: An Organizing Principle for Learning in Human-Robot Interaction.
Student Modelling with Confluences.
Making Judgments.
The QBKG System: Generating Explanations From a Non-Discrete Knowledge Representation.
Exploiting a Domain Model in an Expert Spectral Analysis Program.
Continuous Speech Recognition Using Modified Stack Decoding Algorithm.
Subassembly Stability.
Combining Symbolic Learning Techniques and Statistical Regression Analysis.
An Algorithm Better than AO*?
Practical First-Order Argumentation.
Approximate Reasoning Systems: A Personal Perspective.
A Theorem-Prover for a Decidable Subset of Default Logic.
A Logic for Hypothetical Reasoning.
A Context-Based Framework for Default Logics.
Arc-Consistency in Dynamic Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Personal Construct Theory and the Transfer of Human Expertise.
Incremental Inference: Getting Multiple Agents to Agree on What to Do Next.
Arc-Consistency and Arc-Consistency Again.
Understanding Causal Descriptions of Physical Systems.
Acquiring Constraint Networks Using a SAT-based Version Space Algorithm.
CSP Properties for Quantified Constraints: Definitions and Complexity.
The Complexity of Global Constraints.
Performance Evaluation Methods for the Trading Agent Competition.
Locating Partially Visible Objects: The Local Feature Focus Method.
Self-Emergence of Structures in Gene Expression Programming.
Weighted One-Against-All.
Multiple Inheritance in Smalltalk-BO.
An Iterative Algorithm for Solving Constrained Decentralized Markov Decision Processes.
Synthesizing UNIX Shell Scripts Using Derivational Analogy: An Empirical Assessment.
Regularity and Structure.
Planning from First Principles for Geometric Constraint Satisfaction.
On the Difficulty of Modular Reinforcement Learning for Real-World Partial Programming.
Adaptive Search by Explanation-Based Learning of Heuristic Censors.
Underwater Experiments Using a Reactive System for Autonomous Vehicles.
Making Best Use of Available Memory When Searching Game Trees.
Lazy Approximation for Solving Continuous Finite-Horizon MDPs.
On Combining Multiple Classifiers Using an Evidential Approach.
An Anytime Scheme for Bounding Posterior Beliefs.
Conditional Logics of Normality as Modal Systems.
A Logic for Revision and Subjunctive Queries.
DR-Prolog: A System for Reasoning with Rules and Ontologies on the Semantic Web.
Abduction As Belief Revision: A Model of Preferred Explanations.
Learnable Similarity Functions and their Applications to Clustering and Record Linkage.
Using Abstractions for Decision-Theoretic Planning with Time Constraints.
CCLISP on the iPSC Concurrent Computer.
Revision by Conditional Beliefs.
Semantically Guiding a First-Order Theorem Prover with a Soft Model.
Dual Frames: A New Tool for Semantic Parsing.
An Implemented Model of Punning Riddles.
Eliciting Bid Taker Non-price Preferences in (Combinatorial) Auctions.
Argument Molecules: A Functional Representation of Argument Structure.
Conditional Existence of Variables in Generalised Constraint Networks.
Model-Based Diagnosis of Planning Failures.
Towards an AI Model of Argumentation.
Conflict Resolution in Fuzzy Forward-Chaining Production Systems.
A Software and Hardware Environment for Developing AI Applications on Parallel Processors.
Domain Transmutation in Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Learning in FOL with a Similarity Measure.
A Reactive Robot System for Find and Fetch Tasks in an Outdoor Environment.
Semi-Supervised Sequence Modeling with Syntactic Topic Models.
Detecting and Eliminating the Cascade Vulnerability Problem from Multilevel Security Networks Using Soft Constraints.
Lexical Imprecision in Fuzzy Constraint Networks.
A Distributed Approach to Passive Localization for Sensor Networks.
Coordination and Adaptation in Impromptu Teams.
Constraints for the Early Detection of Discontinuity from Motion.
Subjective Mapping.
A Benchmark for Cooperative Learning Agents.
Combining Stochastic and Greedy Search in Hybrid Estimation.
Reconstructing a Visible Surface.
Pyro: An Integrated Environment for Robotics Education.
Fast Hierarchical Goal Schema Recognition.
The Future of Knowledge Representation.
Competence in Knowledge Representation.
CIS: A Massively Concurrent Rule-Based System.
The Tractability of Subsumption in Frame-Based Description Languages.
KRYPTON: Integrating Terminology and Assertion.
Robust Execution on Contingent, Temporally Flexible Plans.
Some Experiments with Case-Based Search.
Shape Encoding and Subjective Contours.
Induction of Causal Relationships From a Time-Oriented Clinical Database: An Overview of the RX Project.
Searching for Stable Mechanisms: Automated Design for Imperfect Players.
Factored Planning: How, When, and When Not.
Empirical Comparisons of Some Design Replay Algorithms.
Preferences over Sets.
Towards Knowledge-Level Analysis of Motion Planning.
An Analysis of Procedure Learning by Instruction.
Optimal Efficient Learning Equilibrium: Imperfect Monitoring in Symmetric Games.
Probabilistic Knowledge of External Events in Planning.
Knowledge Representation for Syntactic/Semantic Processing.
Anytime Problem Solving Using Dynamic Programming.
Genre Classification of Web Documents.
Disambiguation of Prepositional Phrases in Automatically Labelled Technical Text.
The Regularized EM Algorithm.
How to Cope With Anomalies in Parallel Approximate Branch-and-Bound Algorithms.
A Learning and Reasoning System for Intelligence Analysis.
Sensible Scenes: Visual Understanding of Complex Structures through Causal Analysis.
Application of Knowledge Based Systems Technology to Triple Quadrupole Mass Spectrometry.
Rule Refinement by Domain Experts in Complex Knowledge Bases.
On Strictly Competitive Multi-Player Games.
Rules and Precedents as Complementary Warrants.
IMEX: Overcoming Intactability In Explanation Based Learning.
MPE and Partial Inversion in Lifted Probabilistic Variable Elimination.
An Inference Model for Semantic Entailment in Natural Language.
Stochastic Local Search for POMDP Controllers.
Preference Elicitation and Generalized Additive Utility.
Plan Understanding, Narrative Comprehension, and Story Schemas.
Tweety - Still Flying: Some Remarks on Abnormal Birds Applicable Rules and a Default Prover.
Reasoning about Priorities in Default Logic.
Prioritized Component Systems.
Distributed Truth Maintenance.
Effective Approaches for Partial Satisfaction (Over-Subscription) Planning.
Discovering Domain-Specific Composite Kernels.
Exploiting Algebraic Structure in Parallel State Space Search.
Some Advances in Transformation-Based Part of Speech Tagging.
Future Intelligent Information Systems: AI and Database Technologies Working Together.
Solving the Find-Path Problem by Good Representation of Free Space.
Two Results Concerning Ambiguity in Shape From Shading.
Find-Path for a PUMA-Class Robot.
Slashpack: An Integrated Tool for Gathering and Managing Hypertext Data.
Interpretive Vision and Restriction Graphs.
A Mobile Robot with Onboard Parallel Processor and Large Workspace Arm.
Compositional Instance-Based Learning.
Reasoning about Exceptions during Plan Execution Monitoring.
A Self-Modifying Theorem Prover.
A Comparison of the Commonsense and Fixed Point Theories of Nonmonotonicity.
A Comparison of Novel and State-of-the-Art Polynomial Bayesian Network Learning Algorithms.
Skill Acquisition and Use for a Dynamically-Balancing Soccer Robot.
Recovery Planning for Ambiguous Cases in Perceptual Anchoring.
The Robot Intelligence Kernel.
DANIEL: Integrating Case-Based and Rule-Based Reasoning in Law.
Progress in Textual Case-Based Reasoning: Predicting the Outcome of Legal Cases from Text.
Simulation-Assisted Inductive Learning.
Refining the Structure of Terminological Systems: Terminology = Schema + Views.
Compliance Viewed as Programming a Damped Spring.
Ready or Not, Here I Come ....
Learning Hierarchical Hidden Markov Models with General State Hierarchy.
Lookahead Pathology in Real-Time Path-Finding.
Speeding Up Learning in Real-time Search via Automatic State Abstraction.
Myths and Legends in Learning Classification Rules.
Using snarpy to Connect a KR System to Pyro.
Introductory Computer Science with Robots.
Robots in an Intelligent Systems Course.
Tailoring Retrieval to Support Case-Based Teaching.
Decision-Theoretic Plan Failure Debugging and Repair.
A Model of Learning by Incremental Analogical Reasoning and Debugging.
Decidability of Contextual Reasoning.
Propositional Logic of Context.
The Qualitative Difference Resolution Rule.
Complexity Results for Serial Decomposability.
An Average Case Analysis of Planning.
Is Intractability of Non-Monotonic Reasoning a Real Drawback?
The Complexity of Closed World Reasoning and Circumscription.
Logic Morphisms as a Framework for Backward Transfer of Lemmas and Strategies in Some Modal and Epistemic Logics.
Use of Expert Knowledge for Decision Tree Pruning.
Feature Recognition Using Correlated Information Contained in Multiple Neighborboods.
Generalized Shape Autocorrelation.
Constructive Induction on Domain Information.
DL-Lite: Tractable Description Logics for Ontologies.
An Axiomatic Account of Formal Argumentation.
Dissertation in Progress: An Empirical Analysis of the Costs and Benefits of Naturalness in Spoken Dialog Systems.
A Chess Program That Chunks.
Visual Odometry Using Commodity Optical Flow.
A Variational Approach to Edge Detection.
Learning Support Vector Machines from Distributed Data Sources.
Tracking User Goals in an Information-Seeking Environment.
Incorporating Default Inferences Into Plan Recognition.
DELTA-MIN: A Search-Control Method for Information-Gathering Problems.
Experiential Learning in Analogical Problem Solving.
Derivational Analogy and Its Role in Problem Solving.
Low-Knowledge Algorithm Control.
B-ROC Curves for the Assessment of Classifiers over Imbalanced Data Sets.
Learning to Disambiguate Relative Pronouns.
A Case-Based Approach to Knowledge Acquisition for Domain-Specific Sentence Analysis.
A Cognitively Plausible Approach to Understanding Complex Syntax.
Exploring More Realistic Evaluation Measures for Collaborative Filtering.
Learning Source Descriptions for Web Services.
A Reading Agent.
Sophisticated Cooperation in FA/C Distributed Problem Solving Systems.
A New Framework for Sensor Interpretation: Planning to Resolve Sources of Uncertainty.
Focusing in Plan Recognition.
Acting Optimally in Partially Observable Stochastic Domains.
Normal Multimodal Logics.
Handling Self-Interest in Groups, with Minimal Cost.
Generating Interactive Explanations.
Loads-n-Limits and Release-n-Sequence: The "Brains" behind WEPS.
Multiple-Goal Recognition from Low-Level Signals.
Using Semantics to Identify Web Objects.
Analysis of the Internal Representations in Neural Networks for Machine Intelligence.
A New Approach to Tracking 3D Objects in 2D Image Sequences
Scaling Up Word Sense Disambiguation via Parallel Texts.
Can We Work around Numerical Methods? An Insight.
Multimodal Cognitive Architecture: Making Perception More Central to Intelligent Behavior.
Deep Versus Compiled Knowledge Approaches to Diagnostic Problem-Solving.
Data Validation during Diagnosis: A Step beyond Traditional Sensor Validation.
Simplifying Bayesian Belief Nets while Preserving MPE or MPGE Ordering.
Local Consistency in Junction Graphs for Constraint-Based Inference.
Abstract of the Forest Management Advisory Systems.
The Bayesian Basis of Common Sense Medical Diagnosis.
A Neat Theory of Marker Passing.
Context-Sensitive Statistics For Improved Grammatical Language Models.
A Probabilistic Model of Plan Recognition.
A New Admissible Heuristic for Minimal-Cost Proofs.
Equations for Part-of-Speech Tagging.
Probabilistic Semantics for Cost Based Abduction.
Dynamic MAP Calculations for Abduction.
Bayesian Classification.
Tenth Anniversary of the Plastics Color Formulation Tool.
Case-Based Reasoning for General Electric Appliance Customer Support.
Collapsibility and Consistency in Quantified Constraint Satisfaction.
Reducing Indeterminism in Consultation: A Cognitive Model of User/Librarian Interactions.
Evaluating Critiquing-based Recommender Agents.
The FERMI System: Inducing Iterative Macro-Operators from Experience.
Robust and Self-Repairing Formation Control for Swarms of Mobile Agents.
Generating Feasible Schedules under Complex Metric Constraints.
Constrained Decision Diagrams.
A Parallel Resolution Procedure Based on Connection Graph.
On the NP-Hardness of Blocks World.
A Computational Model of Narrative Generation for Suspense.
HCPRVR: An Interpreter for Logic Programs.
Comparing Minimax and Product in a Variety of Games.
Integrated AI in Space: The Autonomous Sciencecraft on Earth Observing One.
The Trailblazer Search: A New Method for Searching and Capturing Moving Targets.
Exploiting User Expertise in Answer Expression.
Structure Comparison and Semantic Interpretation of Differences.
An Analysis of Knowledge Collected from Volunteer Contributors.
Motion-Based Autonomous Grounding: Inferring External World Properties from Encoded Internal Sensory States Alone.
An Edge Deletion Semantics for Belief Propagation and its Practical Impact on Approximation Quality.
Representing Databases in Frames.
Reinforcement Learning with Perceptual Aliasing: The Perceptual Distinctions Approach.
Sensible Planning: Focusing Perceptual Attention.
A Hierarchical Planner that Generates Its Own Hierarchies.
A Unified Theory of Heuristic Evaluation Functions and its Application to Learning.
Comparing Cognitive and Computational Models of Narrative Structure.
A Plan-Based Model for Response Generation in Collaborative Task-Oriented Dialogues.
Rough Resolution: A Refinement of Resolution to Remove Large Literals.
A Representation for Temporal Sequence and Duration in Massively Parallel Networks.
Scheduling Engineering Works for the MTR Corporation in Hong Kong.
The Max Armed Bandit: A New Model of Exploration Applied to Search Heuristic Selection.
The Advantages of Abstract Control Knowledge in Expert System Design.
Classification Problem Solving.
Exploiting Problem Structure in Genetic Algorithms.
QE-III: A Formal Approach to Natural Language Ouerying.
Kalos - A System for Natural Language Generation with Revision.
Explicit Passive Analysis in Electronic Catalogs.
MADbot: A Motivated and Goal Directed Robot.
Cross-Modal Clustering.
Self-Supervised Acquisition of Vowels in American English.
SodaBot: A Software Agent Environment and Construction System.
A Forward Inference Engine to Aid in Understanding Specifications.
Automatic Compilation of Logical Specifications into Efficient Programs.
Interpreting Clues in Conjunction with Processing Restrictions in Arguments and Discourse.
How to Draw Three People in a Botanical Garden.
Learning from Textbook Knowledge: A Case Study.
Cryptographic Limitations on Learning One-Clause Logic Programs.
Pac-Learning a Restricted Class of Recursive Logic Programs.
Recovering Software Specifications with Inductive Logic Programming.
Pac-Learning Nondeterminate Clauses.
Computing Least Common Subsumers in Description Logics.
MU: A Development Environment for Prospective Reasoning Systems.
Constraint Symmetry and Solution Symmetry.
Intention = Choice + Commitment.
Beyond ISA: Structures for Plausible Inference In Semantic Networks.
Improving the Expressiveness of Many Sorted Logic.
A Word-Finding Algorithm with a Dynamic Lexical-Semantic Memory for Patients with Anomia Using a Speech Prosthesis.
Empirical Knowledge Representation Generation Using N-Gram Clustering.
CATMS: An ATMS Which Avoids Label Explosions.
Reasoning about Fluids via Molecular Collections.
Achieving the Functionality of Filter Conditions in a Partial Order Planner.
Very Fast Decision Table Execution of Propositional Expert Systems.
Computational Aspects of Mechanism Design.
Computing Slater Rankings Using Similarities among Candidates.
Improved Bounds for Computing Kemeny Rankings.
Combinatorial Auctions with Structured Item Graphs.
Computing Shapley Values, Manipulating Value Division Schemes, and Checking Core Membership in Multi-Issue Domains.
Expressive Negotiation in Settings with Externalities.
A Generalized Strategy Eliminability Criterion and Computational Methods for Applying It.
Nonexistence of Voting Rules That Are Usually Hard to Manipulate.
Combinatorial Auctions with wise Dependent Valuations.
Learning to Control a Dynamic Physical System.
DARES: A Distributed Automated REasoning System.
Selection and Ranking of Propositional Formulas for Large-Scale Service Directories.
Debugging User Conceptions of Interpretation Processes.
Computation of Upper-Bounds for Stochastic Context-Free Languages.
Building Explainable Artificial Intelligence Systems.
Tuning a Blackboard-Based Application: A Case Study Using GBB.
Achieving Flexibility, Efficiency, and Generality in Blackboard Architectures.
GBB: A Generic Blackboard Development System.
Unifying Data-Directed and Goal-Directed Control: An Example and Experiments.
Propositional Fragments for Knowledge Compilation and Quantified Boolean Formulae.
Merging Argumentation Systems.
A Model of Lexical Access of Ambiguous Words.
Teaching Diagnostic Skills Using AI: An Architecture Suitable for Students and Teachers.
Common Sense Retrieval.
Experimental Results on the Crossover Point in Satisfiability Problems.
Experimental Results on the Application of Satisfiability Algorithms to Scheduling Problems.
Formalising Reasoning about Change: A Qualitative Reasoning Approach.
QPC: A Compiler from Physical Models into Qualitative Differential Equations.
Negation and Proof by Contradiction in Access-Limited Logic.
Real-Time Classification of Electromyographic Signals for Robotic Control.
Automatic Generation of Object Class Descriptions Using Symbolic Learning Techniques.
Model-Based Reconfiguration: Toward an Integration with Diagnosis.
Adaptive Sampling Based Large-Scale Stochastic Resource Control.
Qualitative Simulation Based on a Logical Formalism of Space and Time.
Comparative Experiments on Sentiment Classification for Online Product Reviews.
Time Units and Calendars.
Reducing Labeling Effort for Structured Prediction Tasks.
State Agnostic Planning Graphs and the Application to Belief-Space Planning.
Generating Explicit Orderings for Non-monotonic Logics.
ScriptEase - Motivational Behaviors for Interactive Characters in Computer Role-Playing Games.
Extending the Mathematics in Qualitative Process Theory.
Learning to Learn Decision Trees.
Numeric Reasoning with Relative Orders of Magnitude.
Troubleshooting: When Modeling Is the Trouble.
Focusing and Reference Resolution in PUNDIT.
Using Commonsense Knowledge to Disambiguate Prepositional Phrase Modifiers.
Tensor Embedding Methods.
Augmenting a Nominal Assembly Motion Plan with a Compliant Behavior.
Investigations into a Theory of Knowledge Base Revision.
Efficient Propositional Constraint Propagation.
Local Search in the Coordination of Intelligent Agents.
Overlapping Coalition Formation for Efficient Data Fusion in Multi-Sensor Networks.
An Extended Protocol for Multiple-Issue Concurrent Negotiation.
Invited Talk: Viewing History of Science as Compiled Hindsight.
A Symbolic Generalization of Probability Theory.
Symbolic Causal Networks.
Catching a Baseball: A Reinforcement Learning Perspective Using a Neural Network.
When Gossip is Good: Distributed Probabilistic Inference for Detection of Slow Network Intrusions.
A Computational Study of the Kemeny Rule for Preference Aggregation.
GENET: A Connectionist Architecture for Solving Constraint Satisfaction Problems by Iterative Improvement.
An Ensemble Technique for Stable Learners with Performance Bounds.
Scavenging with a Laptop Robot.
Identifying and Generating Easy Sets of Constraints for Clustering.
Diagnosis Via Causal Reasoning: Paths of Interaction and the Locality Principle.
Inferring Ignorance from the Locality of Visual Perception.
Knowledge Representation for Video.
Towards a Better Understanding of Bidirectional Search.
Multiple Dimensions of Generalization In Model-Based Troubleshooting.
Diagnosis Based on Description of Structure and Function.
Dynamic Acioss-Time Measurement Interpretation.
Automatic Schema Acquisition in a Natural Language Environment.
Permissive Planning: A Machine Learning Approach to Linking Internal and External Worlds.
A System of Plans for Connected Speech Recognition.
Societal Grounding Is Essential to Meaningful Language Use.
A Computational Model of the Cerebral Cortex.
Inferring Finite Automata with Stochastic Output Functions and an Application to Map Learning.
Incremental Causal Reasoning.
An Analysis of Time-Dependent Planning.
Coping with Uncertainty in a Control System for Navigation and Exploration.
Probabilistic Temporal Reasoning.
Planning With Deadlines in Stochastic Domains.
An Approach to Reasoning About Continuous Change for Applications in Planning.
Learning While Searching in Constraint-Satisfaction-Problems.
On the Expressiveness of Networks with Hidden Variables.
Removing Redundancies in Constraint Networks.
Belief Maintenance in Dynamic Constraint Networks.
The Optimality of A* Revisited.
Tree-Clustering Schemes for Constraint-Processing.
A One-shot Dynamic Coordination Algorithm for Distributed Sensor Networks.
Quantitative Modeling of Complex Computational Task Environments.
Hardware and Software Architectures for Efficient AI.
Final Position Control in Planar Horizontal Arm Movements.
Improved Decision-Making in Game Trees: Recovering from Pathology.
Probabilistic Prediction of Protein Secondary Structure Using Causal Networks (Extended Abstract).
An Approach to Default Reasoning Based on a First-Order Conditional Logic.
Incorporating Nonmonotonic Reasoning in Horn Clause Theories.
A Preference-Based Approach to Default Reasoning: Preliminary Report.
Conservative Belief Revision.
A Multifrontal QR Factorization Approach to Distributed Inference Applied to Multirobot Localization and Mapping.
Experiments Towards Robotic Learning by Imitation.
Efficient Triangulation-Based Pathfinding.
A Personal Learning Apprentice.
Inductive Synthesis of Equational Programs.
Goal-Directed Equation Solving.
Counterfactual Reasoning with Direct Models.
A Minimal Encoding Approach to Feature Discovery.
Dynamically Adjusting Categories to Accommodate Changing Contexts.
Social Tag: Finding the Person with the Pink Hat.
A Systematic Approach to Continuous Graph Labeling With Application to Computer Vision.
Applying General Induction Methods to the Card Game Eleusis.
Learning About Systems That Contain State Variables.
Error-Correcting Output Codes: A General Method for Improving Multiclass Inductive Learning Programs.
First Experiments with Rue Automated Deduction.
The U.S. National Football League Scheduling Problem.
On Boosting Semantic Web Data Access.
Boosting Semantic Web Data Access Using Swoogle.
Nonnegative Matrix Factorization and Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing: Equivalence Chi-Square Statistic, and a Hybrid Method.
A Non-Well-Founded Approach to Terminological Cycles.
Artificial Intelligence and Design: A Mechanical Engineering View.
Implementing a Generalized Version of Resolution.
Massively Parallel Assumption-Based Truth Maintenance.
Substructure Discovery Using Minimum Description Length Principle and Background Knowledge.
PROBCONS: Probabilistic Consistency-Based Multiple Alignment of Amino Acid Sequences.
Erdos: Cost-Effective Peripheral Robotics for AI Education.
Towards Exploiting Duality in Approximate Linear Programming for MDPs.
Indexing Stories as Social Advice.
Unifying Logical and Statistical AI.
Exploiting the Ordering of Observed Problem-Solving Steps for Knowledge Base Refinement: An Apprenticeship Approach.
Exploiting the Ordering of Observed Problem-Solving Steps for Knowledge Base Refinement: An Apprenticeship Approach.
Matching 100, 000 Learned Rules.
Combining Left and Right Unlinking for Matching a Large Number of Learned Rules.
Learning 10, 000 Chunks: What's It Like Out There?
Controlling Qualitative Resolution.
Assembling a Device.
Temporal Reasoning in Sequence Graphs.
UNITRAN: An Interlingual Approach to Machine Translation.
Machine Translation of Spatial Expressions: Defining the Relation between an Interlingua and a Knowledge Representation System.
A Framework for Optimal Sequential Planning in Multiagent Settings.
A Particle Filtering Based Approach to Approximating Interactive POMDPs.
On the Difficulty of Achieving Equilibrium in Interactive POMDPs.
Inexact Matching of Ontology Graphs Using Expectation-Maximization.
Learning Operator Semantics by Analogy.
Diagnostic Improvement through Qualitative Sensitivity Analysis and Aggregation.
Consistency-Based Diagnosis in Physiological Domains.
Constructing and Refining Causal Explanations from an Inconsistent Domain Theory.
Rationality and its Roles in Reasoning (Extended Abstract).
Generating Perception Requests and Expectations to Verify the Execution of Plans.
A Mechanism for Early Piagetian Learning.
Traffic Intersections of the Future.
Making Autonomous Intersection Management Backwards-Compatible.
Prediction Sharing Across Time and Contexts.
Connection Machine Stereomatching.
Anytime Synthetic Projection: Maximizing the Probability of Goal Satisfaction.
Just-In-Case Scheduling.
Efficient Reasoning in Qualitative Probabilistic Networks.
Can We Enforce Full Compositionality in Uncertainty Calculi?
Monitoring Food Safety by Detecting Patterns in Consumer Complaints.
Categorical Disambiguation.
Referential Determinism and Computational Efficiency: Posting Constraints from Deep Structure.
Panel: User Modeling and User Interfaces.
What Your Computer Really Needs to Know, You Learned in Kindergarten.
Incremental Planning to Control a Blackboard-based Problem Solver.
Predictability Versus Responsiveness: Coordinating Problem Solvers in Dynamic Domains.
Overeager Reciprocal Rationality and Mixed Strategy Equilibria.
A Hierarchical Protocol for Coordinating Mulitagent Behaviors.
Affect Processing for Narratives.
Multi-Resolution Learning for Knowledge Transfer.
An Expert System for Chorale Harmonization.
Cost-Optimal External Planning.
Cost-Algebraic Heuristic Search.
Can a System Be Intelligent if It Never Gives a Damn?
When Should a Cheetah Remind You of a Bat? Reminding in Case-Based Teaching.
LOCATE Intelligent Systems Demonstration: Adapting Help to the Cognitive Styles of Users.
Extending Dynamic Backtracking to Solve Weighted Conditional CSPs.
The KM / KnEd System: An Integrated Approach to Building Large-Scale Multifunctional Knowledge Bases.
Recovering from Erroneous Inferences.
Having Your Cake and Eating It Too: Autonomy and Interaction in a Model of Sentence Processing.
Strong and Uniform Equivalence in Answer-Set Programming: Characterizations and Complexity Results for the Non-Ground Case.
Forgetting and Conflict Resolving in Disjunctive Logic Programming.
Comments on Kornfeld's Equality for Prolog: E-Unification as a Mechanism for Augmenting the Prolog Search Strategy.
Step-Logic and the Three-Wise-Men Problem.
User-Sensitive Text Summarization.
Generating Adjectives to Express the Speaker's Argumentative Intent.
Generating Argumentative Judgment Determiners.
CAMEX - An Expert System for Process Planning on CNC Machines.
Incremental, Approximate Planning.
The Paradoxical Success of Fuzzy Logic.
Research Problems in the Use of a Shallow Artificial Intelligence Model of Personality and Emotion.
Route Finding in Street Maps by Computers and People.
DNNF-based Belief State Estimation.
Tactile Recognition by Probing: Identifying a Polygon on a Plane.
Approximate Theory Formation: An Explanation-Based Approach.
Intelligent Model Selection for Hillclimbing Search in Computer-Aided Design.
Learning CPG Sensory Feedback with Policy Gradient for Biped Locomotion for a Full-Body Humanoid.
CUI Networks: A Graphical Representation for Conditional Utility Independence.
Interactive Frame Instantiation.
Expert Systems: A User's Perspective of Some Current Tools.
The Clarke Tax as a Consensus Mechanism Among Automated Agents.
Constrained Intelligent Action: Planning Under the Influence of a Master Agent.
Divide and Conquer in Multi-Agent Planning.
Principle-Based Interpretation of Natural Language Quantifiers.
Cumulative Effects of Concurrent Actions on Numeric-Valued Fluents.
Genome Rearrangement and Planning.
WebCrow: A Web-Based System for Crossword Solving.
HTN Planning: Complexity and Expressivity.
On the Complexity of Domain-Independent Planning.
MOLE: A Knowledge Acquisition Tool that Uses its Head.
Computing Stable Models by Using the ATMS.
Learning Search Control for Constraint-Based Scheduling.
Anytime Induction of Decision Trees: An Iterative Improvement Approach.
When a Decision Tree Learner Has Plenty of Time.
Engineering Open Multi-Agent Systems as Electronic Institutions.
More on Inheritance Hierarchies with Exceptions: Default Theories and Inferential Distance.
Nonmonotonicity and the Scope of Reasoning: Preliminary Report.
On Inheritance Hierarchies With Exceptions.
Why PRODIGY/EBL Works.
STATIC: A Problem-Space Compiler for PRODIGY.
Machine Reading.
Methods for Domain-Independent Information Extraction from the Web: An Experimental Comparison.
Massively Parallel Support for Computationally Effective Recognition Queries.
What Can Machines Know? On the Epistemic Properties of Machines.
An Operational Semantics for Knowledge Bases.
Design Sketch for a Million-Element NETL Machine.
Massively Parallel Architectures for AI: NETL, Thistle, and Boltzmann Machines.
PANDORA: A Program for Doing Commonsense Planning in Complex Situations.
The Complexity of Bribery in Elections.
The Utility of Difference-Based Reasoning.
Ideal Physical Systems.
Setting up Large-Scale Qualitative Models.
The Structure-Mapping Engine.
Evidential Reasoning with Temporal Aspects.
Interpreting Loosely Encoded Questions.
The Semantics of Potential Intentions.
A Corner Finding Algorithm for Image Analysis and Registration.
Complete Local Search for Propositional Satisfiability.
On the Use of Partially Ordered Decision Graphs in Knowledge Compilation and Quantified Boolean Formulae.
On Waiting.
A Qualitative Physics Compiler.
Facilitating Self-Education by Questioning Assumptive Reasoning.
An Interactive Computer-Based Tutor for LISP.
Situated Agents Can Have Plans.
Learning Models of Macrobehavior in Complex Adaptive Systems.
An Optimisation Approach for Using Contextual Information in Conputer Vision.
Branching on Attribute Values in Decision Tree Generation.
What Should Be Minimized in a Decision Tree?
The Attribute Selection Problem in Decision Tree Generation.
Panel: Real-Time Performance in Problem Solving.
Tiger in a Cage: The Applications of Knowledge-based Systems (1993) - Abstract.
Coordinating Text and Graphics in Explanation Generation.
A Two-Step Hierarchical Algorithm for Model-Based Diagnosis.
Admissible Criteria for Loop Control in Planning.
Reasoning with Simplifying Assumptions: A Methodology and Example.
Knowledge-based Interactive Selling of Financial Services with FSAdvisor.
Exploring GnuGo's Evaluation Function with a SVM.
Compressing Pattern Databases.
Towards Modeling Threaded Discussions using Induced Ontology Knowledge.
Mining and Re-ranking for Answering Biographical Queries on the Web.
Efficient Maximization in Solving POMDPs.
Hybrid Case-Based Reasoning for the Diagnosis of Complex Devices.
Experience-Aided Diagnosis for Complex Devices.
Distributed Tree Search and Its Application to Alpha-Beta Pruning.
Metrics for Finite Markov Decision Processes.
Syntax Programming.
Automatic Goal-Directed Program Transformation.
Being Suspicious: Critiquing Problem Specifications.
AI and Software Engineering - Managing Exploratory Programming.
On Supporting the Use of Procedures in Office Work.
The Semantic Interpretation of Nominal Compounds.
Swoogle: Searching for Knowledge on the Semantic Web.
An Investigation into Reactive Planning in Complex Domains.
Towards a System Architecture Supporting Contextualized Learning.
Making Design Objects Relevant to the Task at Hand.
Knowledge-Based Spreadsheets.
Modeling and Using Physical Constraints in Scene Analysis.
Improving Inference through Conceptual Clustering.
A Computational Account of Basic Level and Typicality Effects.
Quasi-Monotonic Segmentation of State Variable Behavior for Reactive Control.
Principled Multilingual Grammars for Large Corpora.
Selecting Appropriate Representations for Learning from Examples.
Forward Chaining Logic Programming with the ATMS.
Incremental Estimation of Discrete Hidden Markov Models Based on a New Backward Procedure.
Inconsistencies, Negations and Changes in Ontologies.
On Being Contradictory.
Spatial and Qualitative Aspects of Reasoning about Motion.
Modeling Motion With Qualitative Process Theory.
Interpreting Measurements of Physical Systems.
VModel: A Visual Qualitative Modeling Environment for Middle-School Students.
Self-Explanatory Simulations: An Integration of Qualitative and Quantitative Knowledge.
Self-Explanatory Simulations: Scaling Up to Large Models.
Focusing the ATMS.
Analogical Learning of Visual/Conceptual Relationships in Sketches.
Using Qualitative Physics to Build Articulate Software for Thermodynamics Education.
Initial Assessment of Architectures for Production Systems.
Induction of Multivariate Regression Trees for Design Optimization.
Techniques for Generating Optimal, Robust Plans when Temporal Uncertainty is Present.
A Quantitative Theory for Plan Merging.
Job-Shop Scheduling: An Investigation in Constraint-Directed Reasoning.
Validating Plans in the Context of Processes and Exogenous Events.
Exploration of the Robustness of Plans.
Introspective Reasoning in a Case-Based Planner.
SOFIA's Choice: An AI Approach to Scheduling Airborne Astronomy Observations.
A Statistical Method for Handling Unknown Words.
Learnability in Inductive Logic Programrning: Some Basic Results and Techniques.
Constraints: The Ties that Bind.
Information Needed to Label a Scene.
Complexity of K-Tree Structured Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Eliminating Interchangeable Values in Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Panel: Are AI Systems Ready to Be Trusted in Critical Applications? (Will They Ever Be?).
Trouble-Shooting by Plausible Inference.
Conditional Logics of Belief Change.
Framework for Prototyping Expert Systems for Financial Applications.
Physical Impossibility Instead of Fault Models.
Generalization with Taxonomic Information.
Rapid Object Recognition from Discriminative Regions of Interest.
Dead-End Driven Learning.
In Search of the Best Constraint Satisfaction Search.
Using Generic Geometric Models for Intelligent Shape Extraction.
A Hybrid Generative/Discriminative Approach to Semi-Supervised Classifier Design.
Backward Model Tracing: An Explanation-Based Approach for Reconstructing Student Reasoning.
Constructor: A System for the Induction of Probabilistic Models.
A Multi-Agent Simulator for Teaching Police Allocation.
Overcoming the Brittleness Bottleneck using Wikipedia: Enhancing Text Categorization with Encyclopedic Knowledge.
Discovering Procedural Executions of Rule-Based Programs.
Affective Recruitment of Distributed Heterogeneous Agents.
Integrating Rules in Term Subsumption Knowledge Representation Servers.
Using Knowledge Acquisition and Representation Tools to Support Scientific Communities.
Learning Social Preferences in Games.
Merging Objects and Logic Programming: Relational Semantics.
Automatic Summarization of Conversational Multi-Party Speech.
TAXI: A Taxonomic Assistant.
A Critique of Yoav Shoham's Theory of Causal Reasoning.
Formal Verification of Pure Production System Programs.
Basic Meanings of Spatial Relations: Computation and Evaluation in 3D Space.
Fibring Neural Networks.
Mixed Collaborative and Content-Based Filtering with User-Contributed Semantic Features.
The Design of a Legal Analysis Program.
Computational Costs versus Benefits of Control Reasoning.
Perceptual Reasoning in a Hostile Environment.
Task Interdependencies in Design-to-time Real-time Scheduling.
An Application of the Prospector System to DOE's National Uranium Resource Evaluation.
A Dynamic Organizational Architecture for Adaptive Problem Solving.
Agent-Organized Networks for Multi-Agent Production and Exchange.
Table Extraction Using Spatial Reasoning on the CSS2 Visual Box Model.
Generating Explanations of Device Behavior Using Compositional Modeling and Causal Ordering.
Low Computation Vision-Based Navigation for a Martian Rover.
Overview of AutoFeed: An Unsupervised Learning System for Generating Webfeeds.
Elementary Sets of Logic Programs.
On the Logic of Defaults.
Causal Theories for Nonmonotonic Reasoning.
Causal Default Reasoning: Principles and Algorithms.
Assessing the Complexity of Plan Recognition.
Optimal Satisficing Tree Searches.
Learning Causal Trees from Dependence Information.
Acquisition of Automatic Activity through Practice: Changes in Sensory Input.
On Stratified Autoepistemic Theories.
Strong Introspection.
Compiling Circumscriptive Theories into Logic Programs.
FRM: An Intelligent Assistant for Financial Resource Management.
The Use of Intelligently Controlled Simulation to Predict a Machine's Long-Term Behavior.
Metaphors and Models.
Diagnosis Using Hierarchical Design Models.
An Overview of Meta-Level Architecture.
Cooperation without Communication.
Time-Saving Tips for Problem Solving with Incomplete Information.
Tracking Known Three-Dimensional Objects.
Towards an Understanding of Hill-Climbing Procedures for SAT.
Communication and Interaction in Multi-Agent Planning.
A Theory of Action for MultiAgent Planning.
The Representation of Events in Multiagent Domains.
Reactive Reasoning and Planning.
Incremental Least-Squares Temporal Difference Learning.
Fast Planning in Domains with Derived Predicates: An Approach Based on Rule-Action Graphs and Local Search.
Visibility-Based Pursuit-Evasion with Limited Field of View.
Learning General Completable Reactive Plans.
Length-Lex Ordering for Set CSPs.
ITS: An Efficient Limited-Memory Heuristic Tree Search Algorithm.
Boosting the Correspondence between Description Logics and Propositional Dynamic Logics.
On the Update of Description Logic Ontologies at the Instance Level.
Scaling Up Reasoning about Actions Using Relational Database Technology.
Associative Memory in an Immune-Based System.
Optimal Rhode Island Hold'em Poker.
A Competitive Texas Hold'em Poker Player via Automated Abstraction and Real-Time Equilibrium Computation.
Non-Monotonic Reasoning Using Dempster's Rule.
Multi-Valued Logics.
A Metalinguistic Approach to the Construction of Knowledge Base Refinement Systems.
A Circumscriptive Theorem Prover.
Knowledge-Base Reduction: A New Approach to Checking knowledge Bases for Inconsistency and Redundancy.
Theory Revision via Prior Operationalization.
Theory Reduction, Theory Revision, and Retranslation.
Search Lessons Learned from Crossword Puzzles.
Is There any Need for Domain-Dependent Control Information?
Iterative Broadening.
Possible Worlds and the Qualification Problem.
iBundler: An Agent-Based Decision Support Service for Combinatorial Negotiations.
SAT-Based Answer Set Programming.
Natural Language Based Inference Procedures Applied to Schubert's Steamroller.
Exploiting Tree Decomposition and Soft Local Consistency In Weighted CSP.
Spatial Reasoning in Indeterminate Worlds.
A Probabilistic Classification Approach for Lexical Textual Entailment.
Embedding Heterogeneous Data Using Statistical Models.
A Comparison of Techniques for Scheduling Earth Observing Satellites.
A Logic of Knowledge and Belief for Recursive Modeling: A Preliminary Report.
The Utility of Communication in Coordinating Intelligent Agents.
Learning About Software Errors Via Systematic Experimentation.
Robot Self-Recognition Using Conditional Probability-Based Contingency.
An Efficient Reactive Planner for Synthesizing Reactive Plans.
Complexity in Classificatory Reasoning.
Incremental Recompilation of Knowledge.
Omnipotence Without Omniscience: Efficient Sensor Management for Planning.
Improving Rule-Based Systems Through Case-Based Reasoning.
Three Dimensions of Design Development.
Emergent Coordination through the Use of Cooperative State-Changing Rules.
Descriptions for a Programming Environment.
Controlling Inequality Reasoning in a TMS-Based Analog Diagnosis System.
A Maximum Entropy Approach to Nonmonotonic Reasoning.
System-Z+: A Formalism for Reasoning with Variable-Strength Defaults.
Algorithms and Complexity for Reasoning about Time.
Model Counting: A New Strategy for Obtaining Good Bounds.
Repairing Miscommunication: Relaxation in Reference.
Projective Visualization: Acting from Experience.
Results on Controlling Action with Projective Visualization.
A Process for Evaluating Tree-Consistency.
Reasoning about What to Plan.
TEXTAL: Automated Crystallographic Protein Structure Determination.
The Crystallographer's Assistant.
Extending Continuous Time Bayesian Networks.
Branching Storylines in Virtual Reality Environments for Leadership Development.
Bounded Treewidth as a Key to Tractability of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning.
Dealing with Uncertainties in CAD-Based Assembly Motion Planning.
A Computational Model for Face Location Based on Cognitive Principles.
Reasoning Precisely with Vague Concepts.
TempoExpress: An Expressivity-Preserving Musical Tempo Transformation System.
When Expectation Fails: Towards a Self-Correcting Inference System.
STRATEGIST: A Program That Models Strategy-Driven and Content-Driven Inference Behavior.
Improving Learning Performance Through Rational Resource Allocation.
COMPOSER: A Probabilistic Solution to the Utility Problem in Speed-Up Learning.
Towards a Validated Model of "Emotional Intelligence".
Using Abstraction to Automate Program Improvement by Transformation.
COGIN: Symbolic Induction with Genetic Algorithms.
Privatizing Constraint Optimization.
Analysis of Privacy Loss in Distributed Constraint Optimization.
Time-Critical Scheduling in Stochastic Domains.
Credit Assignment in Genetic Learning Systems.
Learning to Select Useful Landmarks.
A Statistical Approach to Solving the EBL Utility Problem.
A Representation Language Language.
YES/MVS: A Continuous Real Time Expert System.
A Knowledge Based Design System for Digital Electronics.
Tableau-Based Theorem Proving In Normal Conditional Logics.
Predicting Electricity Distribution Feeder Failures Using Machine Learning Susceptibility Analysis.
Exploring the Structure of Rule Based Systems.
A Synthetic Approach to Temporal Information Processing.
Automated Accompaniment of Musical Ensembles.
Formalizing Ontological Commitment.
On the Complexity of Monotonic Inheritance with Roles.
The Representation of Defaults in Cyc.
Design and Experimentation of an Expert System for Programming In-the-Large.
Filming a Terrain under Uncertainty Using Temporal and Probahilistic Reasoning.
The Common Order-Theoretic Structure of Version Spaces and ATMS's.
Discriminative Model Selection for Belief Net Structures.
Large Scale Knowledge Base Systems: An Empirical Evaluation Perspective.
Explanation-based Failure Recovery.
Common Sense Data Acquisition for Indoor Mobile Robots.
Complexity Results for Blocks-World Planning.
Suitability of Message Passing Computers for Implementing Production Systems.
Active Learning with Near Misses.
From Centralized to Distributed Selective Overhearing.
Inference in a Topically Organized Semantic Net.
An Approach to Acquiring and Applying Knowledge.
Supporting Collaborative Activity.
Implementation of and Experiments with a Variable Precision Logic Inference System.
Semantic Evaluation as Constraint Network Consistency.
Planning for Component-Based Configurations.
Connectionism, Rule Following, and Symbolic Manipulation.
A BDD-Based Polytime Algorithm for Cost-Bounded Interactive Configuration.
Learning Indexing Patterns from One Language for the Benefit of Others.
Mereological Semantics for Bio-Ontologies.
The Independent LifeStyle Assistant (I.L.S.A.): AI Lessons Learned.
An Epistemology for Clinically Significant Trends.
Multiple Agent Event Detection and Representation in Videos.
Interesting Instance Discovery in Multi-Relational Data.
CASEE: A Hierarchical Event Representation for the Analysis of Videos.
Learning by Failing to Explain.
A Multiple Representation Approach to Understanding the Time Behavior of Digital Circuits.
A Hybrid Connectionist, Symbolic Learning System.
Reasoning about only Knowing with Many Agents.
Two Views of Belief: Belief as Generalized Probability and Belief as Evidence.
Likelihood, Probability, and Knowledge.
Transforming between Propositions and Features: Bridging the Gap.
Can Real-Time Search Algorithms Meet Deadlines?
Planning and Goal Interaction: The Use of Past Solutions in Present Situations.
CHEF: A Model of Case-Based Planning.
Learning to Anticipate and Avoid Planning Problems through the Explanation of Failures.
Reasoning as Remembering: The Theory and Practice of CBR.
Integrating Planning and Acting in a Case-Based Framework.
Stabilizing Environments to Facilitate Planning and Activity: An Engineering Argument.
Learning from Opportunities: Storing and Re-using Execution-Time Optimizations.
Automatically Transforming Symbolic Shape Descriptions for Use in Sketch Recognition.
Using Structural and Functional Information in Diagnostic Design.
ACP: Reason Maintenance and Inference Control for Constraint Propagation Over Intervals.
Modeling Accounting Systems to Support Multiple Tasks: A Progress Report.
Diagnosing Circuits With State: An Inherently Underconstrained Problem.
The Epistemology of Physical System Modeling.
Representing and Computing Temporally Scoped Beliefs.
Practical Temporal Projection.
Default Reasoning, Nonmonotonic Logics, and the Frame Problem.
Bootstrap Stereo.
Cost-Effective Sensing during Plan Execution.
Dynamic Programming for Partially Observable Stochastic Games.
Upending the Uncanny Valley.
Testing a KBS Using a Conceptual Model.
Negation, Contrast and Contradiction in Text Processing.
Representing Pronouns in Logical Form: Computational Constraints and Linguistic Evidence.
A Hybrid Structured Object and Constraint Representation Language.
Mega-Classification: Discovering Motifs in Massive Datastreams.
A Relational Representation for Procedural Task Knowledge.
Panel: Financial Expert Systems.
Bidirectional Chart Generation of Natural Language Texts.
Abstract Explanations of Strategy in a Diagnostic Consultation System.
New Admissible Heuristics for Domain-Independent Planning.
The Ups and Downs of Lexical Acquisition.
Simple Causal Minimizations for Temporal Persistence and Projection.
Tractable Theories of Multiple Defeasible Inheritance in Ordinary Nonmonotonic Logics.
From Syntax to Meaning in Natural Language Processing.
Using Dialog-Level Knowledge Sources to Improve Speech Recognition.
Quantifying the Inductive Bias in Concept Learning (Extended Abstract).
Learning Conjunctive Concepts in Structural Domains.
Probably Approximately Correct Learning.
Path Planning for Highly Redundant Manipulators Using a Continuous Model.
PROTEAN: Deriving Protein Structure from Constraints.
Guardian: A Prototype Intelligent Agent for Intensive-Care Monitoring.
Using Goal Interactions to Guide Planning.
Robust Solutions for Constraint Satisfaction and Optimization.
Finding Diverse and Similar Solutions in Constraint Programming.
On the Expressiveness of Rule-based Systems for Reasoning with Uncertainty.
Depth and Flow From Motion Energy.
An Empirical Analysis of Terminological Representation Systems.
Obtaining Quantitative Predictions from Monotone Relationships.
An Approach to Multiply Segmented Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Anyone but Him: The Complexity of Precluding an Alternative.
Invited Talk: What's Practical When in Natural Language Applications.
An Experimental Comparison of Knowledge Engineering for Expert Systems and for Decision Analysis.
Indefinite and GCWA Inference in Indefinite Deductive Databases.
Generality versus Specificity: An Experience with AI and OR Techniques.
Domains in Logic Programming.
New Inference Rules for Efficient Max-SAT Solving.
Computer Interpretation of Human Stick Figures.
Knowledge-Based Simulation of a Glass Annealing Process: An AI Application in the Glass Industry.
The Geometry of Visual Coordination.
Mechanisms for Efficiency in Blackboard Systems.
Knowledge Embedding in the Description System Omega.
Analyzing the Roles of Descriptions and Actions in Open Systems.
IXM2: A Parallel Associative Processor for Knowledge Processing.
Situated Plan Attribution for Intelligent Tutoring.
Axiom Schemata as Metalevel Axioms: Model Theory.
The Roles of Adaptation in Case-Based Design.
A Demonstration of the "Circuit Fix-it Shoppe".
A New Approach to Distributed Task Assignment using Lagrangian Decomposition and Distributed Constraint Satisfaction.
A Dynamic Organization in Distributed Constraint Satisfaction.
Accent and Discourse Context: Assigning Pitch Accent in Synthetic Speech.
Polynomial-Time Learning with Version Spaces.
Bootstrapping Training-Data Representations for Inductive Learning: A Case Study in Molecular Biology.
A Semantic Process for Syntactic Disambiguation.
Word Sense and Case Slot Disambiguation.
Tractable Anytime Temporal Constraint Propagation.
Effective Short-Term Opponent Exploitation in Simplified Poker.
A Causal Analysis Method for Concurrent Hybrid Automata.
Representing Smooth Plane Curves for Recognition: Implications for Figure-Ground Reversal.
Exploiting Spatial and Temporal Flexibility for Plan Execution for Hybrid, Under-actuated Robots.
Solving the Really Hard Problems with Cooperative Search.
Controlling Tiny Multi-Scale Robots for Nerve Repair.
Expected Gains from Parallelizing Constraint Solving for Hard Problems.
Compiling Plan Operators from Domains Expressed in Qualitative Process Theory.
Prevention Techniques for a Temporal Planner.
Empirical Analysis of the General Utility Problem in Machine Learning.
User Modeling and User Interfaces: A Case for Domain Models, Task Models, and Tailorability.
Weighted Super Solutions for Constraint Programs.
A Structured Connectionist Unification Algorithm.
Object Boundary Detection in Images using a Semantic Ontology.
Generation of Emotional Behavior for Non-Player Characters - Development of EmoBot for Quake II.
Processing Pragmatics for Computer-Assisted Language Instruction.
Generating Rhythms with Genetic Algorithms.
Polly: A Vision-Based Artificial Agent.
Situated Vision in a Dynamic World: Chasing Objects.
Mixing Strict and Defeasible Inheritance.
Boolean Extensions of Inheritance Networks.
A Skeptical Theory of Inheritance in Nonmonotonic Semantic Networks.
Reasoning under Varying and Uncertain Resource Constraints.
A Framework for Comparing Alternative Formalisms for Plausible Reasoning.
Interpretation in Generation.
Automatic Generation of Formatted Text.
KADBASE - A Prototype Expert System-Database Interface for Integrated CAE Environments.
Analyzing Failure Recovery to Improve Planner Design.
Failure Recovery: A Model and Experiments.
The Belief Calculus and Uncertain Reasoning.
Solving MAP Exactly by Searching on Compiled Arithmetic Circuits.
On Compiling System Models for Faster and More Scalable Diagnosis.
Automatic Symbolic Traffic Scene Analysis Using Belief Networks.
Using Attention in Belief Revision.
Distributed Interactive Learning in Multi-Agent Systems.
Identifiability in Causal Bayesian Networks: A Sound and Complete Algorithm.
Clustering and Classifying Person Names by Origin.
An Efficient Cross Product Representation of the Constraint Satisfaction Problem Search Space.
The Automated Mapping of Plans for Plan Recognition.
Meta-Level Control Through Fault Detection and Diagnosis.
Detecting Runways in Aerial Images.
Instructo-Soar: Learning from Interactive Natural Language Instructions (Video Abstract).
Learning from Highly Flexible Tutorial Instruction.
Hypothesis Testing in a Computational Theory of Visual Word Recognition.
Deciding Semantic Matching of Stateless Services.
A Design Method for Relaxation Labeling Applications.
Representing Systems with Hidden State.
Making Argumentation More Believable.
Towards Higher Impact Argumentation.
Artificial Intelligence and Molecular Biology.
Preliminary Studies in Agent Design in Simulated Environments.
Belief Change in the Context of Fallible Actions and Observations.
Multiclass Support Vector Machines for Articulatory Feature Classification.
Phonotactic and Lexical Constraints in Speech Recognition.
Efficient Heuristic Natural Language Parsing.
EL: A Formal, Yet Natural, Comprehensive Knowledge Representation.
Regret-based Incremental Partial Revelation Mechanisms.
SIMD Tree Algorithms for Image Correlation.
Fast and Compact: A Simple Class of Congestion Games.
Derivation Replay for Partial-Order Planning.
A Model Based Vision System for Recognition of Machine Parts.
Optimizing Rules in Production System Programs.
Moving Target Search with Intelligence.
An Organizational Approach to Adaptive Production Systems.
What's Wrong with Non-Monotonic Logic?
Path-Focused Duplication: A Search Procedure for General Matings.
A Negotiation Protocol for Agents with Nonlinear Utility Functions.
A New Strategy-Proof Greedy-Allocation Combinatorial Auction Protocol and Its Extension to Open Ascending Auction Protocol.
Causal Ordering in a Mixed Structure.
Formal Basis for Commonsense Abstraction of Dynamic Systems.
SPEX: A Second-Generation Experiment Design System.
Automated Model Selection for Simulation.
A Method of Calculating the Measure of Salience in Understanding Metaphors.
A General Proof Method for Modal Predicate Logic without the Barcan Formula.
Parsing Run Amok: Relation-Driven Control for Text Analysis.
Acquiring Lexical Knowledge from Text: A Case Study.
Planning in Models that Combine Memory with Predictive Representations of State.
Improving Approximate Value Iteration Using Memories and Predictive State Representations.
Fuzzy Modeling Using Generalized Neural Networks and Kalman Filter Algorithm.
Identifying Terrorist Activity with AI Plan Recognition Technology.
Further Investigations into Regular XORSAT.
SemNews: A Semantic News Framework.
SemNews: A Semantic News Framework.
On the Consistency of General Constraint-Satisfaction Problems.
Decomposition of Domains Based on the Micro-Structure of Finite Constraint-Satisfaction Problems.
Using Joint Responsibility to Coordinate Collaborative Problem Solving in Dynamic Environments.
Non-Stationary Policy Learning in 2-Player Zero Sum Games.
Darshak - An Intelligent Cinematic Camera Planning System.
A Discourse Planning Approach to Cinematic Camera Control for Narratives in Virtual Environments.
Dempster-Shafer and Bayesian Network for CAD-Based Feature Extraction: A Comparative Investigation and Analysis.
Generating Hard Satisfiable Formulas by Hiding Solutions Deceptively.
A Polynomial-Time Algorithm for Action Graph Games.
OntoSearch: A Full-Text Search Engine for the Semantic Web.
A Bayesian Network for Outbreak Detection and Prediction.
KDMAS: A Multi-Agent System for Knowledge Discovery via Planning.
Mining Comparative Sentences and Relations.
Finding Multivariate Splits in Decision Trees Using Function Optimization.
When the Best Move Isn't Optimal: Q-learning with Exploration.
A Variational Learning Algorithm for the Abstract Hidden Markov Model.
A Dynamic Mixture Model to Detect Student Motivation and Proficiency.
Agents that Learn to Explain Themselves.
Integrating Diverse Reasoning Methods in the BB1 Blackboard Control Architecture.
Beyond Exploratory Programming: A Methodology and Environment for Conceptual Natural Language Processing.
Knowledge State Reconsideration: Hindsight Belief Revision.
Dependency-Directed Reconsideration Belief Base Optimization for Truth Maintenance Systems.
Intention-Based Diagnosis of Programming Errors.
The Deep Space Network Scheduling Problem.
Generating Predictions to Aid the Scientific Discovery Process.
What's in a User?
Model-Based Case Adaptation.
Dynamic Generation of Complex Behavior.
A Probabilistic Parser Applied to Software Testing Documents.
Utilizing Internal State in Multi-Robot Coordination Tasks.
L* Parsing: A General Framework for Syntactic Analysis of Natural Language.
Conceptual Dependency and Montague Grammar: A Step Toward Conciliation.
A Method for Development of Dialogue Managers for Natural Language Interfaces.
Tractable Planning with State Variables by Exploiting Structural Restrictions.
Word-Order Variation in Natural Language Generation.
Kernel Methods for Word Sense Disambiguation and Acronym Expansion.
An End-to-End Supervised Target-Word Sense Disambiguation System.
Living Up To Expectations: Computing Expert Responses.
Shape and Function in Mechanical Devices.
From Kinematics to Shape: An Approach to Innovative Design.
Incremental Configuration Space Construction for Mechanism Analysis.
HIPAIR: Interactive Mechanism Analysis and Design Using Configuration Spaces.
HIPAIR: Interactive Mechanism Analysis and Design Using Configuration Spaces.
Least-Cost Flaw Repair: A Plan Refinement Strategy for Partial-Order Planning.
Domain-Independent Reason-Enhanced Controller for Task-ORiented Systems - DIRECTOR.
QUICKXPLAIN: Preferred Explanations and Relaxations for Over-Constrained Problems.
Computing the Extensions of Autoepistemic and Default Logics with a Truth Maintenance System.
An On-Line Computational Model of Human Sentence Interpretation.
Synthesis of Reactive Plans for Multi-Path Environments.
Bayesian Calibration for Monte Carlo Localization.
Recent Developments in NIKL.
Panel: Where Should the Intelligence in Intelligent Interfaces be Placed?
Goals as Parallel Program Specifications.
An Automated Reasoning Technique for Providing Moment-by-Moment Advice Concerning the Operation of a Process.
A Graph-Oriented Knowledge Representation and Unification Technique for Automatically Selecting and Invoking Software Functions.
Using Semantic Web Technologies for Policy Management on the Web.
TEST: A Model-driven Application Shell.
Memory-Bounded Bidirectional Search.
A Tree Representation for Parallel Problem Solving.
Towards Model-Based Diagnosis of Coordination Failures.
Diagnosis of Multi-Robot Coordination Failures Using Distributed CSP Algorithms.
Porting and Extensible Natural Language Interface: A Case History.
Interpreting Prepositions Physically.
Multiparty Proactive Communication: A Perspective for Evolving Shared Mental Models.
Mapping and Retrieval During Plan Reuse: A Validation Structure Based Approach.
A Theory of Plan Modification.
Relative Utility of EBG based Plan Reuse in Partial Ordering vs. Total Ordering Planning.
Combining Specialized Reasoners and General Purpose Planners: A Case Study.
Explanation-Based Generalization of Partially Ordered Plans.
On the Nature of Modal Truth Criteria in Planning.
Flexible Teamwork in Behavior-Based Robots.
Learning Sorting Networks By Grammars.
A Logic and Time Nets for Probabilistic Inference.
Sensible Decisions: Toward a Theory of Decision-Theoretic Information Invariants.
An Automatic Algorithm Designer: An Initial Implementation.
On the Parallel Complexity of Some Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Linear Image Features in Stereopsis.
Rules for the Implicit Acquisition of Knowledge about the User.
Structure of Perspectivity: A Case of Japanese Reflexive Pronoun "zibun".
Learning to Transform Natural to Formal Languages.
Generalized NoGoods in CSPs.
Learning Explanation-Based Search Control Rules for Partial Order Planning.
Social Network-based Trust in Prioritized Default Logic.
Modeling Human Decision Making in Cliff-Edge Environments.
Deconstructing Planning as Satisfiability.
The Logic of Persistence.
Generalized Plan Recognition.
Reasoning With Characteristic Models.
Integrating Metric and Qualitative Temporal Reasoning.
Forming Concepts for Fast Inference.
An Empirical Evaluation of Knowledge Compilation by Theory Approximation.
An Experiment in the Design of Software Agents.
Numerical Behavior Envelopes for Qualitative Models.
Oblivious PAC Learning of Concept Hierarchies.
Formulating Concepts According to Purpose.
Word Learning With Hierarchy-Guided Inference.
Learning by Re-Expressing Concepts for Efficient Recognition.
Defining Operationality for Explanation-based Learning.
Knowledge Management: A Practical Amalgam of Knowledge and Data Base Technology.
KITSS: A Knowledge-Based Translation System for Test Scenarios.
Inferring Formal Software Specifications from Episodic Descriptions.
The CRITTER System: Analyzing Digital Circuits by Propagating Behaviors and Specifications.
A Multiprocessor Architecture for Production System Matching.
Learning Systems of Concepts with an Infinite Relational Model.
Why Perspective Is Difficult: How Two Algorithms Fail.
Surface Constraints From Linear Extents.
Mapping Image Properties into Shape Constraints: Skewed Symmetry and Affine-Tramsfornable Patterns, and the Shape-from-Texture Paradigm.
Shape from Darkness: Deriving Surface Information from Dynamic Shadows.
ChiMerge: Discretization of Numeric Attributes.
Forming Coalitions in the Face of Uncertain Rewards.
The Formation of Coalitions Among Self-Interested Agents.
Dynamic Regime Identification and Prediction Based on Observed Behavior in Electronic Marketplaces.
Strategic Sales Management in an Autonomous Trading Agent for TAC SCM.
Learning to Reason.
Reasoning with Models.
Progressive Negotiation for Resolving Conflicts among Distributed Heterogeneous Cooperating Agents.
Episodic Learning.
Discrimination-Based Constructive Induction of Logic Programs.
Backbones and Backdoors in Satisfiability.
Estimating Search Tree Size.
Designing for Manufacturability in Riveted Joints.
Hand Grip Pattern Recognition for Mobile User Interfaces.
TALIB: An IC Layout Design Assistant.
ModGen: Theorem Proving by Model Generation.
Intelligent Retrieval Planning.
A Decision-Theoretic Planner with Dynamic Compound Reconfiguration for Distributed Real-Time Applications.
The Feature Selection Problem: Traditional Methods and a New Algorithm.
Catoms: Moving Robots Without Moving Parts.
ULINK: A Semantics-Driven Approach to Understanding Ungrammatical Input.
A General Solution to the Graph History Interaction Problem.
Search versus Knowledge for Solving Life and Death Problems in Go.
Empirical Studies on the Speed of Convergence of Neural Network Training Using Genetic Algorithms.
High Performance Memory-Based Translation on IXM2 Massively Parallel Associative Memory Processor.
Case-Method: A Methodology for Building Large-Scale Case-Based Systems.
Building Large-Scale and Corporate-Wide Case-Based Systems: Integration of the Organizational and Machine Executable Algorithms.
Wafer Scale Integration for Massively Parallel Memory-Based Reasoning.
The Impact of Locality and Authority on Emergent Conventions: Initial Observations.
Knowledge-Based Simulation.
SWIRL: An Object-Oriented Air Battle Simulator.
Choices Without Backtracking.
A General Labeling Algorithm for Assumption-Based Truth Maintenance.
Exploiting Locality in a TMS.
Focusing on Probable Diagnoses.
An Improved Incremental Algorithm for Generating Prime Implicates.
Foundations of Envisioning.
Qualitative Reasoning With Higher-Order Derivatives.
Characterizing Diagnoses.
Reasoning about Multiple Faults.
Back to Backtracking: Controlling the ATMS.
Solving Everyday Physical Reasoning Problems by Analogy Using Sketches.
Problem Features that Influence the Design of Expert Systems.
A KNACK for Knowledge Acquisition.
Automated Postediting of Documents.
Building a Large-Scale Knowledge Base for Machine Translation.
Learning Abstraction Hierarchies for Problem Solving.
Search Reduction in Hierarchical Problem Solving.
Integrating Abstraction and Explanation-Based Learning in PRODIGY.
Characterizing Abstraction Hierarchies for Planning.
Adaptive Modeling and Planning for Reactive Agents.
Complexity Analysis of Real-Time Reinforcement Learning.
The Power of Sequential Single-Item Auctions for Agent Coordination.
Heterogeneous Multirobot Coordination with Spatial and Temporal Constraints.
An Efficient ATMS for Equivalence Relations.
Bottom-Up Induction of Oblivious Read-Once Decision Graphs: Strengths and Limitations.
Machine Learning for Fast Quadrupedal Locomotion.
Intelligent Control Using Integrity Constraints.
Discovering Functional Formulas through Changing Representation Base.
Critical Hypersurfaces and the Quantity Space.
Some Computational Aspects of Circumscription.
Memeta: A Framework for Multi-Relational Analytics on the Blogosphere.
Detecting Spam Blogs: A Machine Learning Approach.
Organizing Memory and Keeping it Organized.
The Role of Experience in Development of Expertise.
Large-Scale Map-Making.
Circumscriptive Ignorance.
Hierarchic Autoepistemic Theories for Nonmonotonic Reasoning.
Ideal Introspective Belief.
Multiple-Agent Planning Systems.
Lessons on Applying Automated Recommender Systems to Information-Seeking Tasks.
An Automated Distributed Meeting Scheduler for FCVW Plug-in.
Description Logic-Ground Knowledge Integration and Management.
Best-First Frontier Search with Delayed Duplicate Detection.
A Program That Learns to Solve Rubik's Cube.
Operator Decomposability: A New Type of Problem Structure.
Real-Time Heuristic Search: First Results.
Real-Tme Heuristic Search: New Results.
Linear-Space Best-First Search: Summary of Results.
Best-First Minimax Search: Othello Results.
Large-Scale Parallel Breadth-First Search.
Winning the AAAI Robot Competition.
Topological Mapping for Mobile Robots Using a Combination of Sonar and Vision Sensing.
A Fast First-Cut Protocol for Agent Coordination.
Self-Explanatory Financial Planning Models.
Reasoning about Evidence in Causal Explanations.
Mechanizing Inductive Reasoning.
Learning From Ambiguous Examples.
Automatic Programming of Robots Using Genetic Programming.
Evolution of an Empathetic Digital Entity: Phase One.
Solving Geometric Constraint Systems.
Agents Contracting Tasks in Non-Collaborative Environments.
The Function of Time in Cooperative Negotiations.
Range Estimation From Focus Using a Non-frontal Imaging Camera.
Interactive Information Extraction with Constrained Conditional Random Fields.
Novel Relationship Discovery Using Opinions Mined from the Web.
Model-Based Interpretation of Range Imagery.
A Real-Time Road Following and Road Junction Detection Vision System for Autonomous Vehicles.
Know Thine Enemy: A Champion RoboCup Coach Agent.
Automatic Heuristic Construction in a Complete General Game Player.
Automatic Heuristic Construction for General Game Playing.
Consciousness: Drinking from the Firehose of Experience.
Getting the Envisionment Right.
Modeling Human Knowledge of Routes: Partial Knowledge and Individual Variation.
Abstraction by Time-Scale in Qualitative Simulation.
Using Incomplete Quantitative Knowledge In Qualitative Reasoning.
A Robust, Qualitative Method for Robot Spatial Learning.
How Many Different "John Smiths", and Who Are They?
A Robotic Wayfinding System for the Visually Impaired.
A Polynomial-Time Algorithm for Simple Temporal Problems with Piecewise Constant Domain Preference Functions.
Simple Randomized Algorithms for Tractable Row and Tree Convex Constraints.
Tractable Classes of Metric Temporal Problems with Domain Rules.
A General Bottom-up Procedure for Searching And/Or Graphs.
The Composite Decision Process: A Unifying Formulation for Heuristic Search, Dynamic Programming and Branch & Bound Procedures.
Parallel Best-First Search of State-Space Graphs: A Summary of Results.
Analysis of Physiological Behavior Using a Causal Model Based on First Principles.
Implementation of Multiple Rule Firing Production Systems on Hypercube.
A Collaborative Parametric Design Agent.
Exploiting the Environment: Urban Navigation as a Case Study.
An Algorithm for Probabilistic Least-Commitment Planning.
Activity-Centric Email: A Machine Learning Approach.
Forward-Chaining Planning in Nondeterministic Domains.
Using Domain-Configurable Search Control for Probabilistic Planning.
Controlled Search over Compact State Representations, in Nondeterministic Planning Domains and Beyond.
Learning Basis Functions in Hybrid Domains.
Primitives and Units for Time Specification.
Time Representation: A Taxonomy of Internal Relations.
Models of Axioms for Time Intervals.
Satisfying First-Order Constraints About Time Intervals.
Intelligent Real-Time Monitoring.
Inductive Inference by Refinement.
Recovery from Incorrect knowledge in Soar.
Discrete Sequence Prediction and its Applications.
Extending EBG to Term-Rewriting Systems.
Integrating, Execution, Planning, and Learning in Soar for External Environments.
Towards Chunking as a General Learning Mechanism.
Decidable Reasoning in First-Order Knowledge Bases with Perfect Introspection.
All They Know About.
Only-Knowing: Taking It Beyond Autoepistemic Reasoning.
Towards an Axiom System for Default Logic.
Visual Grammars for Visual Languages.
Population and Agent Based Models for Language Convergence.
Neighborhood Interchangeability and Dynamic Bundling for Non-Binary Finite CSPs.
Proposing a New Term Weighting Scheme for Text Categorization.
nFOIL: Integrating Naïve Bayes and FOIL.
kFOIL: Learning Simple Relational Kernels.
Boot Camp for Cognitive Systems.
A Unified Cognitive Architecture for Physical Agents.
An Analysis of Bayesian Classifiers.
Automated Cognitive Modeling.
Using Decision Theory to Justify Heuristics.
Localized Representation and Planning Methods for Parallel Domains.
Using Performance Profile Trees to Improve Deliberation Control.
Collaborative Interface Agents.
Belief Maintenance: An Integrated Approach to Uncertainty Management.
Script-based Reasoning for Situation Monitoring.
The Denotational Semantics of Horn Clauses as a Production System.
A System Which Uses Examples to Learn VLSI Structure Manipulations.
A Fast Path Planner for a Car-Like Indoor Mobile Robot.
Transport Logistics Planning with Service-Level Constraints.
Using Temporal Abstraction to Understand Recursive Programs Involving Side Effects.
Quantifying the Impact of Learning Algorithm Parameter Tuning.
Constraint-Based Inference from Image Motion.
Landmark-Based Robot Navigation.
Object-Sorting-by-Color in a Variety of Lighting Conditions Using Neural Networks and Lego Mindstorms Robot.
Evaluating Explanations.
An Indexing Vocabulary for Case-Based Explanation.
A Look at Parsing and Its Applications.
Coordinating Agile Systems through the Model-based Execution of Temporal Plans.
A Representation for Collections of Temporal Intervals.
Language and Memory: Generalization as a Part of Understanding.
RESEARCHER: An Overview.
Not the Path to Perdition: The Utility of Similarity-Based Learning.
Structured Circuit Semantics for Reactive Plan Execution Systems.
Non-Intersection of Trajectories in Qualitative Phase Space: A Global Constraint for Qualitative Simulation.
A Qualitative Method to Construct Phase Portraits.
Loop Formulas for Circumscription.
Efficient L1 Regularized Logistic Regression.
The Design of a Marker Passing Architecture for Knowledge Processing.
Rule Refinement Using the Probabilistic Rule Generator.
Granularity in Multi-Method Planning.
Quantitative Evaluation of the Exploration Strategies of a Mobile Robot.
Weighted Constraint Satisfaction with Set Variables.
A Signal-Symbol Approach to Change Detection.
Toward the Essential Nature of Statistical Knowledge in Sense Resolution.
Narrative Text Summarization.
Case-based Problem Solving with a Large Knowledge Base of Learned Cases.
Interleaving Temporal Planning and Execution in Robotics Domains.
A Cooperative Problem Solving System for User Interface Design.
Efficient Minimum Information Updating for Bayesian Inferencing in Expert Systems.
Conditions for the Existence of Belief Functions Corresponding to Intervals of Belief.
Heuretics: Theoretical and Experimental Study of Heuristic Rules.
Why AM and Eurisko Appear to Work.
Connecting Cognitive and Physical Worlds with Dynamic Cost Function Definition.
An Explainable Artificial Intelligence System for Small-unit Tactical Behavior.
Concept Languages as Query Languages.
Automatically Labeling the Inputs and Outputs of Web Services.
Impact of Linguistic Analysis on the Semantic Graph Coverage and Learning of Document Extracts.
Indexical Knowledge in Robot Plans.
IPUS: An Architecture for Integrated Signal Processing and Signal Interpretation in Complex Environments.
Quantifyimg and Simulating the Behavior of Knowledge-Based Interpretation Systems.
On Proving Laws of the Algebra of FP-Systems in Edinburgh LCF.
Large-Scale Localization from Wireless Signal Strength.
Trip Router with Individualized Preferences (TRIP): Incorporating Personalization into Route Planning.
Operationality Criteria for Recursive Predicates.
Predicting Task-Specific Webpages for Revisiting.
A Logic of Implicit and Explicit Belief.
All I Know: An Abridged Report.
On Acting Together.
PRAGMA - A Flexible Bidirectional Dialogue System.
A Self-Organizing Retrieval System for Graphs.
Adaptive Pattern-Oriented Chess.
Domain Independent Object Description and Decomposition.
Qualitative Landmark-based Path Planning and Following.
Machine Learning for Adaptive Image Interpretation.
Evolving AI Opponents in a First-Person-Shooter Video Game.
Creating Abstractions Using Relevance Reasoning.
Constraint-Theorems on the Prototypification of Shape.
Quick Shaving.
A Fast Arc Consistency Algorithm for n-ary Constraints.
Performing Incremental Bayesian Inference by Dynamic Model Counting.
Generating Medical Case Reports with the Linguistic String Parser.
Incremental Least Squares Policy Iteration for POMDPs.
Minimum Description Length Principle: Generators Are Preferable to Closed Patterns.
Detecting Disjoint Inconsistent Subformulas for Computing Lower Bounds for Max-SAT.
Identification and Tracing of Ambiguous Names: Discriminative and Generative Approaches.
Classifying Cue Phrases in Text and Speech Using Machine Learning.
Learning and Inferring Transportation Routines.
Understanding Plan Ellipsis.
Efficient Active Fusion for Decision-Making via VOI Approximation.
A Decision Theoretic Model for Stress Recognition and User Assistance.
An Iterative Method for Reconstructing Convex Polyhedra From External Guassian Images.
Prottle: A Probabilistic Temporal Planner.
An Object-Oriented Simulator for the Apiary.
A User Interface for Knowledge Acquisition From Video.
An Analysis of Tutorial Reasoning about Programming Bugs.
An Instance-Based State Representation for Network Repair.
A Set-Theoretic Framework for the Processing of Uncertain Knowledge.
Pointwise Circumscription: Preliminary Report.
Causal and Plausible Reasoning in Expert Systems.
Script and Language Identification in Degraded and Distorted Document Images.
Circumscriptive Theories: A Logic-based Framework for Knowledge Representation (Preliminary Report).
Restricted Monotonicity.
A Modular Action Description Language.
A New Structural Induction Scheme for Proving Properties of Mutually Recursive Concepts.
Weak Representations of Interval Algebras.
Noise and Uncertainty Management in Intelligent Data Modeling.
On Generalized Interval Calculi.
Shifting Ontological Perspectives in Reasoning About Physical Systems.
Structural Aggregation in Common-Sense Reasoning.
PPCP: Efficient Probabilistic Planning with Clear Preferences in Partially-Known Environments.
Methods for Boosting Revenue in Combinatorial Auctions.
Approximating Revenue-Maximizing Combinatorial Auctions.
Query Translation Disambiguation as Graph Partitioning.
Semi-supervised Multi-label Learning by Constrained Non-negative Matrix Factorization.
Risk-Sensitive Planning with One-Switch Utility Functions: Value Iteration.
Properties of Forward Pruning in Game-Tree Search.
Functional Value Iteration for Decision-Theoretic Planning with General Utility Functions.
RankCut - A Domain Independent Forward Pruning Method for Games.
A Framework for Integrating Fault Diagnosis and Incremental Knowledge Acquisition in Connectionist Expert Systems.
Tractable Reasoning in First-Order Knowledge Bases with Disjunctive Information.
TPBOSCourier: A Transportation Procurement System (for the Procurement of Courier Services).
Reasoning about Discrete Event Sources.
Reasoning in the Presence of Inconsistency.
Programming Robots Using Reinforcement Learning and Teaching.
Models of Plans to Support Communication: An Initial Report.
Text Classification by Labeling Words.
Local Negotiation in Cellular Networks: From Theory to Practice.
Symmetiy Constraint Inference in Assembly Planning: Automatic Assembly Configuration Specification.
A Chinese Natural Language Processing System Based Upon the Theory of Empty Categories.
Provably Correct Theories of Action (Preliminary Report).
Value-Function-Based Transfer for Reinforcement Learning Using Structure Mapping.
Concurrent Actions in the Situation Calculus.
Properties of Programs with Monotone and Convex Constraints.
Local-Search Techniques for Boolean Combinations of Pseudo-Boolean Constraints.
On Odd and Even Cycles in Normal Logic Programs.
Ontology Based Semantic Modeling for Chinese Ancient Architectures.
Fast SAT-based Answer Set Solver.
A Learning-Based Term-Weighting Approach for Information Retrieval.
Applying VC-Dimension Analysis To 3D Object Recognition from Perspective Projections.
Cost-Sensitive Test Strategies.
Optimal Scheduling of Contract Algorithms for Anytime Problems.
Qualitative Dimensions in Question Answering: Extending the Definitional QA Task.
Pathology on Game Trees: A Summary of Results.
Learning and Applying Competitive Strategies.
Plan Recognition Strategies in Student Modeling: Prediction and Description.
Reasoning About State From Causation and Time in a Medical Domain.
Logic Programs with Abstract Constraint Atoms.
Distribution-Free Learning of Bayesian Network Structure in Continuous Domains.
Using an Ontology for Knowledge Acquisition.
NavBot: The Navigational Search-and-Rescue Robot.
Task Allocation via Self-Organizing Swarm Coalitions in Distributed Mobile Sensor Network.
Perceptual Organization as a Basis for Visual Recognition.
A Representation for Image Curves.
A Framework for Evidential-Reasoning Systems.
Probabilistic Self-Localization for Sensor Networks.
Algorithm Synthesis through Problem Reformulation.
Memory Intensive Branch-and-Bound Search for Graphical Models.
Invariant Logic: A Calculus for Problem Reformulation.
Rule-Based Inference in Large Knowledge Bases.
Symmetry as Bias: Rediscovering Special Relativity.
Supervised Ranking for Pronoun Resolution: Some Recent Improvements.
A Simple Motion Planning Algorithm for General Robot Manipulators.
Bookmark Hierarchies and Collaborative Recommendation.
Unsupervised Multilingual Word Sense Disambiguation via an Interlingua.
An Algorithmic Solution of N-Person Games.
Avoiding Unwanted Conversational Implicatures in Text and Graphics.
Dividing Up the Question Answering Process.
Using Errors to Create Piecewise Learnable Partitions.
Efficient Haplotype Inference with Boolean Satisfiability.
Frame Selection in Parsing.
A Production Rule System for Message Summarization.
Dynamically Combining Syntax and Semantics in Natural Language Processing.
Semantics-First Natural Language Processing.
Literal Meaning and the Comprehension of Metaphors.
Concurrent Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
ATRANS Automatic Processing of Money Transfer Messages.
Learning a Second Language.
Uniform Parsing and Inferencing for Learning.
Diagnosis as Approximate Belief State Enumeration for Probabilistic Concurrent Constraint Automata.
A Deductive Pattern Matcher.
Using Anticipation to Create Believable Behaviour.
A Description Classifier for the Predicate Calculus.
Controversial Users Demand Local Trust Metrics: An Experimental Study on Epinions.com Community.
Recognition Algorithms for the Loom Classifier.
Determination of Machine Condition Using Neural Networks.
Walk the Talk: Connecting Language, Knowledge, and Action in Route Instructions.
Complexity-Guided Case Discovery for Case Based Reasoning.
Expressiveness of Languages.
MAX-2-SAT: How Good Is Tabu Search in the Worst-Case?
Using Knowledge-Based Neural Networks to Improve Algorithms: Refining the Chou-Fasman Algorithm for Protein Folding.
Incorporating Advice into Agents that Learn from Reinforcements.
Adding Domain Knowledge to SBL Through Feature Construction.
Giving Advice about Preferred Actions to Reinforcement Learners Via Knowledge-Based Kernel Regression.
Factored MDP Elicitation and Plan Display.
A Simple and Effective Method for Incorporating Advice into Kernel Methods.
Spinning Multiple Social Networks for Semantic Web.
A Qualitative-Quantitative Methods-Based e-Learning Support System in Economic Education.
A Learning Support Method in Qualitative Simulation-Based Economic Education.
Geometric Reasoning and Organized Optimization for Automated Process Planning.
Searching for Common Sense: Populating Cyc from the Web.
Learning to Coordinate Behaviors.
Maintaining Diversity in Genetic Search.
ALIVE: Artificial Life Interactive Video Environment.
CHATTERBOTS, TINYMUDS, and the Turing Test: Entering the Loebner Prize Competition.
Learning Interface Agents.
Solving Concurrent Markov Decision Processes.
AI Characters and Directors for Interactive Computer Games.
Probabilistic Temporal Planning with Uncertain Durations.
Parsing a Natural Language Using Mutual Information Statistics.
Reasoning with Orders of Magnitude and Approximate Relations.
Samuel Meets Amarel: Automating Value Function Approximation Using Global State Space Analysis.
Planning Multimedia Explanations Using Communicative Acts.
Automatic Programming of Behavior-Based Robots Using Reinforcement Learning.
The Deductive Synthesis of Imperative LISP Programs.
On the Role of Coherence in Abductive Explanation.
Learning Representation and Control in Continuous Markov Decision Processes.
Performance of IDA on Trees and Graphs.
Communicative Acts for Generating Natural Language Arguments.
Failures in Natural Language Systems: Applications to Data Base Query Systems.
Building a Parser That can Afford to Interact with Semantics.
Monitors as Responses to Questions: Determining Competence.
Processing Entailments and Accessing Facts in a Uniform Frame System.
Truth Maintenance.
Observations on Cognitive Judgments.
DC-SSAT: A Divide-and-Conquer Approach to Solving Stochastic Satisfiability Problems Efficiently.
Systematic Nonlinear Planning.
A Framework for Distributed Problem Solving.
Multi-Conditional Learning: Generative/Discriminative Training for Clustering and Classification.
On the Evaluation of Dynamic Critiquing: A Large-Scale User Study.
Synthesizing Algorithms with Performance Constraints.
Some Requirements for a Computer-Based Legal Consultant.
Robot Behavior Conflicts: Can Intelligence Be Modularized?
Incremental, Informal Program Acquisition.
Skolem Functions and Equality in Automated Deduction.
LOGnets: A Hybrid Graph Spatial Representation for Robot Navigation.
A Theory of Metric Spatial Inference.
RI: an Expert in the Computer Systems Domain.
Data Dependencies on Inequalities.
Developing Software is like Talking to Eskimos about Snow.
An Overview of the Penman Text Generation System.
Robot Planning.
ARBY: Diagnosis With Shallow Causal Models.
Learning in Massively Parallel Nets (Panel).
Salience as a Simplifying Metaphor for Natural Language Generation.
Everyday Reasoning Meets Geometry Theorem-Proving.
Representing and Using Procedural Knowledge to Build Geometry Proofs.
Using Contracts to Influence the Outcome of a Game.
TREAT: A Better Match Algorithm for AI Production System Matching.
On the Performance of Lazy Matching in Production Systems.
Adaptive Algorithms for Routing and Traffic Engineering in Stochastic Networks.
Becoming Increasingly Reactive.
The Intelligent Database Interface: Integrating AI and Database Systems.
Generating Relevant Explanations: Natural Language Responses to Questions about Database Structure.
Recursion in TEXT and Its Use in Language Generation.
An Intelligent Aid for Circuit Redesign.
User Models and User Interfaces.
Hard and Easy Distributions of SAT Problems.
Generating Cross-References for Multimedia Explanation.
A Framework for Representing and Solving NP Search Problems.
Extracting Knowledge about Users' Activities from Raw Workstation Contents.
Theoreticai and Experimental Studies of Temporal Constraint Satisfaction Problem.
A Note on Probabilistic Logic.
Mechanization of Analytic Reasoning About Sets.
An Efficient First-Order Horn-Clause Abduction System Based on the ATMS.
A Knowledge-Based Framework for Design.
Making Partial Choices in Constraint Reasoning Problems.
Dynamic Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Algorithms for Control and Interaction of Large Formations of Robots.
Development of an Intelligent Forensic System for Hair Analysis and Comparison.
Segmentation of Images Into Regions Using Edge Information.
Generating Natural Language Descriptions with Examples: Differences between Introductory and Advanced Texts.
Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Authority Structures But Were Unable to Represent.
Model-Based Collaborative Filtering as a Defense against Profile Injection Attacks.
Cross System Personalization by Learning Manifold Alignments.
Combining Qualitative and Quantitative Constraints in Temporal Reasoning.
Tree Decomposition with Applications to Constraint Processing.
CMRadar: A Personal Assistant Agent for Calendar Management.
An Integrated System that Unifies Multiple Shape from Texture Algorithms.
Beyond Semantic Ambiguity.
And/Or Graph Representation of Assembly Plans.
Temporal Preference Optimization as Weighted Constraint Satisfaction.
Augmenting Disjunctive Temporal Problems with Finite-Domain Constraints.
Qualitative Simulation of Semiconductor Fabrication.
TIELT: A Testbed for Gaming Environments.
The Capacity of Convergence-Zone Episodic Memory.
Verification of Multi-Level Rule-Based Expert Systems.
Strong Mediated Equilibrium.
Beyond Bags of Words: Modeling Implicit User Preferences in Information Retrieval.
A Parallel Self-Modifying Default Reasoning System.
Max-Mim Chaining of Weighted Causal Assertions is Loop Free.
Logical Foundations of Negotiation: Outcome, Concession, and Adaptation.
Knowledge Integration for Description Logics.
Finding Maximally Satisfiable Terminologies for the Description Logic ALC.
A Multi-Resolution Pyramid for Outdoor Robot Terrain Perception.
A Generalized Query Framework for Geospatial Reasoning.
Constraint-Based Generalization: Learning Game-Playing Plans From Single Examples.
Making Better Recommendations with Online Profiling Agents.
A Constraint Satisfaction Approach to Geospatial Reasoning.
Quantitative Results Concerning the Utility of Explanation-Based Learning.
A Comparison of Reinforcement Learning Methods for Automatic Guided Vehicle Scheduling.
Mobile Emergency Triage Support System.
Integrating Heuristics for Constraint Satisfaction Problems: A Case Study.
The Multi-Purpose Incremental Learning System AQ15 and Its Testing Application to Three Medical Domains.
Winning the DARPA Grand Challenge with an AI Robot.
Towards a Higher Level of Human-Robot Interaction and Integration.
A Reading Coach that Listens: (Edited) Video Transcript.
An Expert System for Interpreting Speech Patterns.
A Brochette of Socially Interactive Robots.
Learning Blocking Schemes for Record Linkage.
A Domain Independent Explanation-Based Generalizer.
Phoebus: A System for Extracting and Integrating Data from Unstructured and Ungrammatical Sources.
The Role of Logic in Knowledge Representation and Commonsense Reasoning.
Language Independent Extractive Summarization.
Pointing: A Way Toward Explanation Dialogue.
Corpus-based and Knowledge-based Measures of Text Semantic Similarity.
A Model of Creative Understanding.
Solving Large-Scale Constraint-Satisfaction and Scheduling Problems Using a Heuristic Repair Method.
Parsing Embedded Clauses with Distributed Neural Networks.
A Theory of Reading.
Model-Based Monitoring and Diagnosis of Systems with Software-Extended Behavior.
Markov Chain Monte-Carlo Algorithms for the Calculation of Dempster-Shafer Belief.
Intuitive linguistic Joint Object Reference in Human-Robot Interaction: Human Spatial Reference Systems and Function-Based Categorization for Symbol Grounding.
Model-Based Sensor Diagnosis: When Monitoring Should Be Monitored.
The CMU Rover.
Project EPISTLE: A System for the Automatic Analysis of Business Correspondence.
The Role of Context in Head Gesture Recognition.
Reactive Navigation through Rough Terrain: Experimental Results.
An Integration of Resolution and Natural Deduction Theorem Proving.
The General Motors Variation-Reduction Adviser: Deployment Issues for an AI Application.
Using Specialists to Accelerate General Reasoning.
Constraint Equations: A Concise Compilable Representation for Quantified Constraints in Semantic Networks.
Global Symbolic Maps from Local Navigation.
A Formal Theory of Multiple Agent Nonmonotonic Reasoning.
Why Things Go Wrong: A Formal Theory of Causal Reasoning.
Efficiency of Production Systems When Coupled with an Assumption Based Truth Maintenance System.
Small is Beautiful: A Brute-Force Approach to Learning First-Order Formulas.
DD* Lite: Efficient Incremental Search with State Dominance.
An Explanation for Minimal Attachment and Right Association.
Data-Driven Execution of Multi-Layered Networks for Automatic Speech Recognition.
Evolving Neural Networks to Focus Minimax Search.
Curing Anomalous Extensions.
Stable Closures, Defeasible Logic and Contradiction Tolerant Reasoning.
On the Density of Solutions in Equilibrium Points for the Queens Problem.
The Breakout Method for Escaping from Local Minima.
Temporal Dynamic Controllability Revisited.
Representing Actions with an Assumption-Based Truth Maintenance System.
CM-Extractor: An Application for Automating Medical Quality Measures Abstraction in a Hospital Setting.
A Problem-Solver for Making Advice Operational.
Towards a Reading Coach that Listens: Automated Detection of Oral Reading Errors.
Performing Inferences over Recursive Data Bases.
A Prototype Reading Coach that Listens.
Merging Path Planners and Controllers through Local Context.
Towards Explicit Integration of Knowledge in Expert Systems: An Analysis of MYCIN's Therapy Selection Algorithm.
Probabilistic Goal Recognition in Interactive Narrative Environments.
How Things Appear to Work: Predicting Behaviors from Device Diagrams.
Learning Noun-Modifier Semantic Relations with Corpus-based and WordNet-based Features.
A General Paradigm for A.I. Search Procedures.
Generation of Hard Non-Clausal Random Satisfiability Problems.
Towards Chemical Universal Turing Machines.
Constraint-Based Random Stimuli Generation for Hardware Verification.
A Qualitative Model for Space.
Causal Approximations.
An Experiment in Direct Knowledge Acquisition.
Representing Multiple Theories.
Temperature Discovery Search.
Comparison of the Rete and Treat Production Matchers for Soar.
Error Bounds for Approximate Value Iteration.
Automated Model Selection Using Context-Dependent Behaviors.
Geometric Variance Reduction in Markov Chains. Application to Value Function and Gradient Estimation.
Reasoning about Partially Observed Actions.
Information Retrieval from Never-Ending Stories.
Multi-Modal References in Human-Computer Dialogue.
Modeling Human Behavior for Virtual Training Systems.
On the Computational Complexity of Temporal Projection and Plan Validation.
Learning Object Models from Appearance.
Reasoning about Temporal Relations: A Maximal Tractable Subclass of Allen's Interval Algebra.
A Discovery System for Trigonometric Functions.
Panel: Knowledge Representation Meets Knowledge Acquisition: What Are the Needs and Where Is the Leverage?
Graphical Animation From Knowledge.
Inducing Constraint-Based Grammars using a Domain Ontology.
Control Issues in Parallel Rule-Firing Production Systems.
Qualitative Reasoning at Multiple Resolutions.
Exploiting Meta-Level information in a Distributed Scheduling System.
Comparative Simulation.
The P-Systems: A Systematic Classification of Logics of Nonmonotonicity.
REACTOR: An Expert System for Diagnosis and Treatment of Nuclear Reactor Accidents.
A Blackboard-based Dynamic Instructional Planner.
Automatic Text Summarization of Newswire: Lessons Learned from the Document Understanding Conference.
Discourse Factors in Multi-Document Summarization.
Path Dissolution: A Strongly Complete Rule of Inference.
A Hybrid Parallel IDA Search.
Results of Encoding Knowledge with Tutor Construction Tools.
Structure Learning for Statistical Relational Models.
Parametric Engineering Design Using Constraint-Based Reasoning.
Innovative Design as Systematic Search.
PROMPT: An Innovative Design Tool.
OC1: A Randomized Induction of Oblique Decision Trees.
Capturing User Intent for Information Retrieval.
On the Utility of Bottleneck Reasoning for Scheduling.
How Long Will It Take?
Online Query Relaxation via Bayesian Causal Structures Discovery.
A Qualitative Approach to Mechanical Constraint.
Sequential and Parallel Algorithms for Frontier A* with Delayed Duplicate Detection.
Bayesian Network Based Reparameterization of Haar-like Feature.
Using Abstraction and Nondeterminism to Plan Reaction Loops.
Time-Situated Reasoning within Tight Deadlines and Realistic Space and Computation Bounds.
Optimal Allocation of Very Limited Search Resources.
Generating Quasi-symbolic Representation of Three-Dimensional Flow.
Automatically Generating Universal Attachments Through Compilation.
Qualitative Reasoning for Automated Exploration for Chaos.
Reasoning about Discontinuous Change.
Automated Phase Portrait Analysis by Integrating Qualitative and Quantitative Analysis.
The Persistence of Derived Information.
A Rule-Based System for Document Understanding.
The Complexity of Constraint Satisfaction in Prolog.
Integrating Induction & Instruction: Connectionist Advice Taking.
Semantically Sound Inheritance for a Formally Defined Frame Language with Defaults.
Social Interaction: Multimodal Conversation with Social Agents.
Conceptual Clustering Using Relational Information.
Networked Distributed POMDPs: A Synthesis of Distributed Constraint Optimization and POMDPs.
Learning to Recognize Promoter Sequences in E. coli by Modeling Uncertainty in the Training Data.
Classifier Learning from Noisy Data as Probabilistic Evidence Combination.
Mutual Beliefs of Multiple Conversants: A Computational Model of Collaboration in Air Traffic Control.
Six Problems for Story Understanders.
Inductive Learning in Probabilistic Domain.
Inference in Text Understanding.
Adaptive Model-Based Diagnostic Mechanism Using a Hierarchical Model Scheme.
Increasing The Efficiency of Simulated Annealing Search by Learning to Recognize (Un)Promising Runs.
GLISP: A High-Level Language for A.I. Programming.
Knowledge-Based Programming Using Abstract Data Types.
Auditory Stream Segregation in Auditory Scene Analysis with a Multi-Agent System.
Research on Expert Problem Solving in Physics.
PB-smodels a Pseudo-Boolean Solver.
Understanding Natural Language with Diagrams.
Supporting Queries with Imprecise Constraints.
Simulating Creativity in Jazz Performance.
AQUA: Asking Questions and Understanding Answers.
Learning of Agents with Limited Resources.
Consistent-Labeling Problems and Their Algorithms.
Solving the General Consistent Labeling (or Constraint Satisfaction) Problem: Two Algorithms and Their Expected Complexities.
Default Reasoning Using Monotonic Logic: A Modest Proposal.
Assimilation: A Strategy for Implementing Self-Reorganizing Knowledge Bases.
FITS: A Fraction Intelligent Tutoring System.
Recommender Systems: Attack Types and Strategies.
Reasons for Beliefs in Understanding: Applications of Non-Monotonic Dependencies to Story Processing.
Generalization for Explanation-Based Schema Acquisition.
Focusing on the Most Important Explanations: Decision-Theoretic Horn Abduction.
Approximate Compilation for Embedded Model-based Reasoning.
On the Relationship between Lexical Semantics and Syntax for the Inference of Context-Free Grammars.
Learning Plan Transformations from Self-Questions: A Memory-Based Approach.
Indoor Aerial Robot Competition: Challenges in Search and Rescue Applications.
Data-Driven MCMC for Learning and Inference in Switching Linear Dynamic Systems.
A Compact Representation Scheme for Coalitional Games in Open Anonymous Environments.
Development of an Overall Direction-of-Action Sensor for Robots.
Appropriate Lengths Between Phalanges of Multijointed Fingers for Stable Grasping.
Towards Incremental Disambiguation with a Generalized Discrimination Network.
Automatic Depiction of Spatial Descriptions.
Robot Navigation in Unknown Terrains of Convex Polygonal Obstacles Using Learned Visibility Graphs.
Dominic II: Meta-Level Control in Iterative Redesign.
Imposing Structure on Linear Programming Problems: An Empirical Analysis of Expert and Novice Models.
Making the Most of What You've Got: Using Models and Data to Improve Learning Rate and Prediction Accuracy.
The Semantics of Event Prevention.
Causal Pathways of Rational Action.
Characterizing Data Complexity for Conjunctive Query Answering in Expressive Description Logics.
Centibots: Very Large Scale Distributed Robotic Teams.
Automated Index Generation for Constructing Large-Scale Conversational Hypermedia Systems.
Interactive Knowledge Validation and Query Refinement in CBR.
Changing the Rules: A Comprehensive Approach to Theory Refinement.
Strategy Variations in Analogical Problem Solving.
Reactive Plan Revision.
Connectionist Networks for Learning Coordinated Motion in Autonomous Systems.
A Model and Representation for Type Information and Its Use in Reasoning with Defaults.
Cross-Lingual Bootstrapping of Semantic Lexicons: The Case of FrameNet.
A Circumscriptive Theory for Causal and Evidential Support.
Compiling Uncertainty Away: Solving Conformant Planning Problems using a Classical Planner (Sometimes).
Inference-Driven Semantic Analysis.
An Investigation into the Feasibility of the Semantic Web.
PIES: An Engineers Do-lt-Yourself Knowledge System for Interpretation of Parametric Test Data.
Toward an Intelligent Agent Flamework for Enterprise Integration.
A Manifold Regularization Approach to Calibration Reduction for Sensor-Network Based Tracking.
Competence Driven Case-Base Mining.
Markov Decision Processes for Control of a Sensor Network-based Health Monitoring System.
Modeling Form for On-line Following of Musical Performances.
TacTex-05: A Champion Supply Chain Management Agent.
Generating 'Random' 3-SAT Instances with Specific Solution Space Structure.
Redescription Mining: Structure Theory and Algorithms.
Analysis of Strategic Knowledge in Back of the Envelope Reasoning.
Establishing the Coherence of an Evplanation to Improve Refinement of an Incomplete Knowledge Base.
Gradient Boosting for Sequence Alignment.
Overconfidence or Paranoia? Search in Imperfect-Information Games.
GROWRANGE: Anytime VCG-Based Mechanisms.
Using the Semantic Web to Integrate Ecoinformatics Resources.
Generalized Link Properties for Expressive epsilon-Connections of Description Logics.
Material Handling: A Conservative Domain for Neural Connectivity and Propagation.
Organizing and Searching the World Wide Web of Facts - Step One: The One-Million Fact Extraction Challenge.
Integrating Natural Language Processing and Knowledge Based Processing.
A Four-Valued Semantics for Frame-Based Description Languages.
Adding Number Restrictions to a Four-Valued Terminological Logic.
Information Acquisition in Diagnosis.
New Approaches to Optimization and Utility Elicitation in Autonomic Computing.
SenseRelate: : TargetWord-A Generalized Framework for Word Sense Disambiguation.
Occam's Razor and a Non-Syntactic Measure of Decision Tree Complexity.
Predicting the Performance of Distributed Knowledge-Based Systems: A Modeling Approach.
Selective Abstraction of AI System Activity.
Interactive Script Instantiation.
Refining the Knowledge Base of a Diagnostic Expert System: An Application of Failure-Driven Learning.
Finding Accurate Frontiers: A Knowledge-Intensive Approach to Relational Learning.
The Role of Prior Causal Theories in Generalization.
Locally Optimal Algorithms and Solutions for Distributed Constraint Optimization.
The Induction of Fault Diagnosis Systems from Qualitative Models.
SCOUT: A Simple Game-Searching Algorithm with Proven Optimal Properties.
Reverend Bayes on Inference Engines: A Distributed Hierarchical Approach.
On the Logic of Probabilistic Dependencies.
Embracing Causality in Formal Reasoning.
The Logic of Representing Dependencies by Directed Graphs.
AIR-SOAR: Intelligent Multi-Level Control.
Function-Based Classification from 3D Data via Generic and Symbolic Models.
Identifying Similar Words and Contexts in Natural Language with SenseClusters.
WordNet: : Similarity - Measuring the Relatedness of Concepts.
Extending Conventional Planning Techniques to Handle Actions with Context-Depen dent Effects.
Infering Probabilistic Theofies from Data.
Low-cost Addition of Preferences to DTPs and TCSPs.
Anytime, Complete Algorithm for Finding Utilitarian Optimal Solutions to STPPs.
A Model for Concurrent Actions Having Temporal Extent.
A Strategic Metagame Player for General Chesslike Games.
Temporal Planning with Continuous Change.
A Framework for Bayesian Network Mapping.
Plausibility of Diagnostic Hypotheses: The Nature of Simplicity.
Local Computation of Shape.
Shading Into Texture.
Parts: Structured Descriptions of Shape.
On the Extraction of Shape Information from Shading.
Spectral Clustering of Biological Sequence Data.
Sensor-Based Understanding of Daily Life via Large-Scale Use of Common Sense.
Threat-Removal Strategies for Partial-Order Planning.
Learning Quality-Enhancing Control Knowledge.
Database Learning for Software Agents.
Self-Reference, Knowledge, Belief, and Modality.
Bayesian Network Classifiers Versus k-NN Classifier Using Sequential Feature Selection.
Planning Sensorless Robot Manipulation of Sliding Objects.
Superstabilizing, Fault-Containing Distributed Combinatorial Optimization.
ODPOP: An Algorithm for Open/Distributed Constraint Optimization.
Song Search and Retrieval by Tapping.
A Technique for Establishing Completeness Results in Theorem Proving with Equality.
Solving Term Inequalities.
Revised Dependencydirected Backtracking for Default Reasoning.
Context Maintenance.
Constrained Decision Revision.
An Analysis of Genetic-Based Pattern Tracking and Cognitive-Based Component Tracking Models of Adaptation.
An Ecological Approach to Agent Population Management.
Repeated Observation Models.
Functional Specification of Probabilistic Process Models.
Word Sense Disambiguation with Semi-Supervised Learning.
SAT-Based versus CSP-Based Constraint Weighting for Satisfiability.
Learning to Explore and Build Maps.
A Knowledge Representation Technique for Systems Dealing with Hardware Configuration.
An Improved Connectionist Activation Function for Energy Minimization.
An Efficient Relevance Criterion for Mechanical Theorem Proving.
Metric Constraints for Maintaining Appointments: Dates and Repeated Activities.
Exploiting Temporal Flexibility to Obtain High Quality Schedules.
D-Node Retargeting in Bidirectional Heuristic Search.
User Participation in the Reasoning Processes of Expert Systems.
Introducing the Tileworld: Experimentally Evaluating Agent Architectures.
Computing Exact Aspect Graphs of Curved Objects: Parametric Surfaces.
Automatically Acquiring Domain Knowledge For Adaptive Game AI Using Evolutionary Learning.
Teleassistance: Contextual Guidance for Autonomous Manipulation.
Sound and Efficient Inference with Probabilistic and Deterministic Dependencies.
PRECISE on ATIS: Semantic Tractability and Experimental Results.
Learning Operator Transformations.
Simple Search Methods for Finding a Nash Equilibrium.
Visual Explanation of Evidence with Additive Classifiers.
The Proteome Analyst Suite of Automated Function Prediction Tools.
An Efficient Collision Warning Algorithm for Robot Arms.
System Integration of Knowledge-Based Maintenance Aids.
Similitude-Invariant Pattern Recognition Using Parallel Distributed Processing.
Direct Transfer of Learned Information Among Neural Networks.
The Role of Eye Position Information in Algorithms for Stereoscopic Matching.
Constraint-Based Preferential Optimization.
Optimal Recommendation Sets: Covering Uncertainty over User Preferences.
Generating Effective Admissible Heuristics by Abstraction and Reconstitution.
PROLEARN: Towards a Prolog Interpreter that Learns.
Efficiency Analysis of Multiple-Context TMSs in Scene Representation.
Iterative Weakening: Optimal and Near-Optimal Policies for the Selection of Search Bias.
Inductive Policy.
Query Answering in Circumscriptive and Closed-World Theories.
On the Relationship Between Logic Programming and Nonmonotonic Reasoning.
A Knowledge Representation Framework Based on Autoepistemic Logic of Minimal Beliefs.
Model-Based Automated Generation of User Interfaces.
An Efficient Way of Breaking Value Symmetries.
SEM-Ether: Semantic Web Based Pervasive Computing Framework - Integrating Web, Devices and People.
Discriminating Among Word Meanings by Identifying Similar Contexts.
SenseClusters - Finding Clusters that Represent Word Senses.
Evaluating Search Methods Analytically.
The Acquisition of Conceptual Structure for the Lexicon.
Merging Stratified Knowledge Bases under Constraints.
Enhanced Direct Linear Discriminant Analysis for Feature Extraction on High Dimensional Data.
Wavelet Statistics for Human Motion Classification.
A Quadratic Propagator for the Inter-Distance Constraint.
Minimally Invasive Randomization fro Collecting Unbiased Preferences from Clickthrough Logs.
Towards Learning Stochastic Logic Programs from Proof-Banks.
Distributing Coalitional Value Calculations among Cooperative Agents.
Order of Magnitude Reasoning.
Characterizing Non-Intermittent Faults.
Robust Textual Inference Via Learning and Abductive Reasoning.
Qualitative Modeling in the Turbojet Engine Domain.
A Model for Integrated Qualitative Spatial and Dynamic Reasoning about Physical Systems.
Qualitative Reasoning with Microscopic Theories.
Behavioral Aggregation Within Complex Situations: A Case Study Involving Dynamic Equilibria.
Prototype-Based Reasoning: An Integrated Approach to Solving Large Novel Problems.
A Maximum Likelihood Framework for Integrating Taxonomies.
Distributed Cases for Case-Based Reasoning: Facilitating Use of Multiple Cases.
Compact Propositional Encodings of First-Order Theories.
Selective Perception for Robot Driving.
Model Checking Temporal Logics of Knowledge in Distributed Systems.
A Metric for the Evaluation of Imitation.
Specialized Strategies: An Altenative to First Principles in Diagnostic Problem Solving.
Avoiding Tests for Subsumption.
A Sequential Covering Evolutionary Algorithm for Expressive Music Performance.
Ethical Understanding: Recognizing and Using Belief Conflict in Narrative Processing.
Bayesian Reputation Modeling in E-Marketplaces Sensitive to Subjectivity, Deception and Change.
A New Inference Method for Frame-Based Expert Systems.
Diagnosing Multiple Interacting Defects with Combination Descriptions.
Representing Conditional Independence Using Decision Trees.
A Filtering Algorithm for Constraints of Difference in CSPs.
A Parallel Implementation of Iterative-Deepening-A*.
Learning Engineering Models with the Minimum Description Length Principle.
Non-Minimax Search Strategies for Use Against Fallible Opponents.
Building Models to Support Synthesis in Early Stage Product Design.
Online Parallel Boosting.
Demonstration of Music Plus One - A Real-Time System for Automatic Orchestral Accompaniment.
Building Emotional Characters for Interactive Drama.
Problem Solving in Frame-Structured Systems Using Interactive Dialog.
Maintaining Consistency in a Stratified Production System Program.
Circumscription Implies Predicate Completion (Sometimes).
Foundations of Assumption-based Truth Maintenance Systems: Preliminary Report.
Joint and LPA*: Combination of Approximation and Search.
A Doubly Layered, Genetic Penetrance Learning System.
Finding a Shortest Solution for the N × N Extension of the 15-PUZZLE Is Intractable.
Boosting Expert Ensembles for Rapid Concept Recall.
Planning for Stream Processing Systems.
Activity Recognition from Accelerometer Data.
Using a Matcher to Make an Expert Consultation System Behave Intelligently.
Knowledge Representation Languages and Predicate Calculus: How to Have Your Cake and Eat It Too.
SYNTEL: Knowledge Programming Using Functional Representations.
Default Reasoning as Likelihood Reasoning.
Spurious Symptom Reduction in Fault Monitoring Using a Neural Network and Knowledge Base Hybrid System.
Ambiguity Procrastination.
Learning Complicated Concepts Reliably and Usefully.
Propagating Temporal Constraints for Scheduling.
From the Programmer's Apprentice to Human-Robot Interaction: Thirty Years of Research on Human-Computer Collaboration.
DiamondHelp: A Collaborative Task Guidance Framework for Complex Devices.
Automatic Abduction of Qualitative Models.
Learning Relations by Pathfinding.
Automated Modeling for Answering Prediction Questions: Selecting the Time Scale and System Boundary.
Real Time Causal Monitors for Complex Physical Sites.
Advice Generation from Observed Execution: Abstract Markov Decision Process Learning.
Automatically Constructing a Dictionary for Information Extraction Tasks.
Classifying Texts Using Relevancy Signatures.
Exploiting Subjectivity Classification to Improve Information Extraction.
Automatically Tuning Control Systems for Simulated Legged Robots.
Distance Estimates for Planning in the Discrete Belief Space.
Computer Vision Research at the University of Massachusetts.
Hypotheticals as Heuristic Device.
Case-Based Diagnostic Analysis in a Blackboard Architecture.
Overview of an Example Generation System.
Heuristic Harvesting of Information for Case-Based Argument.
Explaining and Arguing With Examples.
Targeting Specific Distributions of Trajectories in MDPs.
SymChaff: A Structure-Aware Satisfiability Solver.
Corpus Analysis for Revision-Based Generation of Complex Sentences.
Representing Knowledge in an Interactive Planner.
Evaluation of Solving Models for Conditional Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Complexity of Contextual Reasoning.
On the Computation of Point of View.
Hierarchical Reasoning about Inequalities.
A Theory for Qualitative Spatial Reasoning Based on Order Relations.
Piecewise Linear Reasoning.
Learning to Learn: Automatic Adaptation of Learning Bias.
Logical Task Modelling for Man-Machine Dialogue.
A Hybrid Framework for Representing Uncertain Knowledge.
A Belief-Function Logic.
A Fuzzy Controller for Flakey, the Robot.
A Bayes Net Approach to Argumentation.
Qualitative Analysis of Causal Feedback.
Learning Non-Linearly Separable Boolean Functions With Linear Threshold Unit Trees and Madaline-Style Networks.
STAHLp: Belief Revision in Scientific Discovery.
Piaget and Artificial Intelligence.
Knowledge Level and Inductive Uses of Chunking (EBL).
Reactive Deliberation: An Architecture for Real-Time Intelligent Control in Dynamic Environments.
Mapping Explanation-Based Generalization onto Soar.
Machine Translation for Manufacturing: A Case Study at Ford Motor Company.
A Fast Decision Tree Learning Algorithm.
Knowledge Level Learning in Soar.
Learning by Chunking: Summary of a Task and a Model.
Synchronization of Multi-Agent Plans.
Consistent Linear Speedups to a First Solution in Parallel State-Space Search.
Generating Hypotheses to Explain Prediction Failures.
Closest Pairs Data Selection for Support Vector Machines.
Remote Supervisory Control of a Humanoid Robot.
Machine Rhythm.
Learning Static Object Segmentation from Motion Segmentation.
mCP Nets: Representing and Reasoning with Preferences of Multiple Agents.
A Representation of Action Structures.
Expressive Commerce and Its Application to Sourcing.
An Implementation of the Contract Net Protocol Based on Marginal Cost Calculations.
Semantic Place Classification of Indoor Environments with Mobile Robots Using Boosting.
Mixed-Integer Programming Methods for Finding Nash Equilibria.
On Kernel Rule's and Prime Implicants.
Reasoning MPE to Multiply Connected Belief Networks Using Message Passing.
Inheritance of Statistical Properties.
Joshua: Uniform Access to Heterogeneous Knowledge Structures, or why Joshing Is Better than Conniving or Planning.
Learning from Goal Interactions in Planning: Goal Stack Analysis and Generalization.
Performing Bayesian Inference by Weighted Model Counting.
Parsing to Learn Fine Gralned Rules.
Cost-Sensitive Reinforcement Learning for Adaptive Classification and Control.
Identifying an Object that is Perceptually Indistinguishable from One Previously Perceived.
The Backdoor Key: A Path to Understanding Problem Hardness.
CP as a General-Purpose Constraint-Language.
Identification and Evaluation of Weak Community Structures in Networks.
Development of a Hybrid Knowledge-Based System for Multiobjective Optimization of Power Distribution System Operations.
Adapting MUMBLE: Experience with Natural Language Generation.
Salience in Orientation-Filter Response Measured as Suspicious Coincidence in Natural Images.
SteppingStone: An Empirical and Analytical Evaluation.
Cooperative Exploration in the Electronic Marketplace.
Solving the Auction-Based Task Allocation Problem in an Open Environment.
A Probabilistic Interpretation for Lazy Nonmonotonic Reasoning.
Building Non-Brittle Knowledge-Acquisition Tools.
A Tabular Method for Island-Driven Context-Free Grammar Parsing.
Deeper Natural Language Processing for Evaluating Student Answers in Intelligent Tutoring Systems.
Abstraction and Representation of Continuous Variables in Connectionist Networks.
Quantitative Analysis of Analogy.
Dependency Parsing with Dynamic Bayesian Network.
Preliminary Steps Toward the Automation of Induction.
Tree-Structured Bias.
Analytic Solution of Qualitative Differential Equations.
A Declarative Approach to Bias in Concept Learning.
Knowledge-Based Validity Maintenance for Production Systems.
CAMEO: Modeling Human Activity in Formal Meeting Situations.
Approaches to Knowledge Acquisition: The Instructable Production System Project.
A Proven Domain-Independent Scientific Function-Finding Algorithm.
Integration of Multiple Knowledge Sources in ALADIN: An Alloy Design System.
Sparse Data and the Effect of Overfitting Avoidance in Decision Tree Induction.
The Generalized Theory of Model Preference.
Some Variations on Default Logic.
Ergonomics Analysis for Vehicle Assembly Using Artificial Intelligence.
DIARC: A Testbed for Natural Human-Robot Interaction.
The Frame Problem and Knowledge-Producing Actions.
Inference with Recursive Rules.
Useful Roles of Emotions in Artificial Agents: A Case Study from Artificial Life.
Sticks, Plates, and Blobs: A Three-Dimensional Object Representation for Scene Analysis.
A Robotic Model of Human Reference Resolution.
Toward Affective Cognitive Robots for Human-Robot Interaction.
On the Relation between the Coherence and Foundations Theories of Belief Revision.
Inferring User's Preferences using Ontologies.
SNePS Considered as a Fully Intensional Propositional Semantic Network.
Mixing Binary and Continuous Connection Schemes for Knowledge Access.
Reconciling Situation Calculus and Fluent Calculus.
Deriving Properties of Belief Update from Theories of Action.
A Semi-Autonomous Interactive Robot.
Knowledge-Based Real-Time Control: A Parallel Processing Perspective.
Learning and Representation Change.
An Optimally Efficient Limited Inference System.
Learning Meta Knowledge for Database Checking.
BAGGER: An EBL System that Extends and Generalizes Explanations.
A Case Study of Incremental Concept Induction.
Beyond Incremental Processing: Tracking Concept Drift.
Coalition Formation Methods in Multi-Agent Environments.
Diagnosing Terminologies.
Temporal Terminological Logic.
Improving Search through Diversity.
Complementary Discrimination Learning: A Duality Between Generalization and Discrimination.
Physics for Robots.
Complementary Discrimination Learning with Decision Lists.
A Parallel Asynchronous Distributed Production System.
Comparison of Three Algorithms for Ensuring Serializable Executions in Parallel Production Systems.
Constraint-Based Entity Matching.
OAR: A Formal Framework for Multi-Agent Negotiation.
High Dimension Action Spaces in Robot Skill Learning.
Study of Lower Bound Functions for MAX-2-SAT.
IMPULSE: A Display Oriented Editor for STROBE.
Thresholding for Making Classifiers Cost-sensitive.
Estimating Reaction Plan Size.
A Knowledge-Based Approach to Network Security: Applying Cyc in the Domain of Network Risk Assessment.
Improving Action Selection in MDP's via Knowledge Transfer.
Advances in Rete Pattern Matching.
Contingent Planning with Goal Preferences.
Evaluating Consistency Algorithms for Temporal Metric Constraints.
Turing's Dream and the Knowledge Challenge.
Does the Turing Test Demonstrate Intelligence or Not?.
Are There Preference Trade-offs in Attachment Decisions?
Stability of Automatic Guidance for a Mobile Robot.
Collective Construction Using Lego Robots.
Case-Based Retrieval Interface Adapted to Customer-Initiated Dialogues in Help Desk Operations.
SCoT: A Spoken Conversational Tutor.
The DEFACTO System: Training Tool for Incident Commanders.
Explanation, Irrelevance, and Statistical Independence.
Learning Arithmetic Problem Solver.
Unsupervised Order-Preserving Regression Kernel for Sequence Analysis.
Continuous Time in a SAT-Based Planner.
Coping With Disjunctions in Temporal Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Generating Tests by Exploiting Designed Behavior.
Temporal Reasoning with Constraints on Fluents and Events.
Chronological Ignorance: Time, Nonmonotonicity, Necessity and Causal Theories.
AGENT0: A Simple Agent Language and Its Interpreter.
Subnormal Modal Logics for Knowledge Representation.
Knowledge Inversion.
On the Synthesis of Useful Social Laws for Artificial Agent Societies (Preliminary Report).
Real-time Metareasoning with Dynamic Trade-off Evaluation.
Learning: The Construction of A Posteriori Knowledge Structures.
Identification of Joint Interventional Distributions in Recursive Semi-Markovian Causal Models.
Representing Genetic Information with Formal Grammars.
An Expert System That Volunteers Advice.
Learning to Prevent Failure States for a Dynamically Balancing Robot.
Default Reasoning through Belief Revision Strategy.
Understanding Linkages.
Learning Decision Lists Using Homogeneous Rules.
Supporting and Optimizing Full Unification in a Forward Chaining Rule System.
Towards a Virtual Parallel Inference Engine.
Using Hundreds of Workstations to Solve First-Order Logic Problems.
AWDRAT: A Cognitive Middleware System for Information Survivability.
Multi-Agent Learning in Non-Cooperative Domains.
IDT: An Intelligent Diagnostic Tool.
A Computer Model of Child Language Learning.
Probabilities that Imply Certainties.
Why Do Children Misunderstand Reversible Passives? The CHILD Program Learns to Understand Passive Sentences.
An Artificial Discourse Language for Collaborative Negotiation.
How to Print a File: An Expert System Approach to Software Knowledge Representation.
Emergent Linguistic Rules from inducing Decision Trees: Disambiguating Discourse Clue Words.
The Practice of Approximated Consistency for Knapsack Constraints.
Neural Programming Language.
Disco - Novo - GoGo: Integrating Local Search and Complete Search with Restarts.
StarPlan II: Evolution of an Expert System.
Integrating Specialized Procedures in Proof Systems.
Knowledge Compilation using Horn Approximations.
Removing Restrictions in the Relational Data Base Model: An Application of Problem Solving Techniques.
An Empirical Study of Greedy Local Search for Satisfiability Testing.
Spotting Subsequences Matching an HMM Using the Average Observation Probability Criteria with Application to Keyword Spotting.
Noise Strategies for Improving Local Search.
Abductive and Default Reasoning: A Computational Core.
A New Method for Solving Hard Satisfiability Problems.
Goal-Clobbering Avoidance in Non-Linear Planners.
NESTA: NASA Engineering Shuttle Telemetry Agent.
RL-CD: Dealing with Non-Stationarity in Reinforcement Learning.
Machine Life-Long Learning with csMTL Networks.
Profit Sharing Auction.
Learning to Coordinate without Sharing Information.
Self-Organizing Visual Maps.
MGLAIR Agents in Virtual and Other Graphical Environments.
From Intelligent Tutoring to Computerized Psychotherapy.
Analogical Path Planning.
Behaviosites: Manipulation of Multiagent System Behavior through Parasitic Infection.
Spatial and Temporal Reasoning in Geologic Map Interpretation.
Symbolic Probabilistic Inference in Belief Networks.
The Use of Qualitative and Quantitative Simulations.
Learning Partially Observable Action Schemas.
Commonsense Arithmetic Reasoning.
Learning Partially Observable Action Models: Efficient Algorithms.
A Theory of Debugging Plans and Interpretations.
Artificial Intelligence as an Experimental Science (Abstract).
Validated Retrieval in Case-Based Reasoning.
Solo: A Cognitive Orthosis.
Towards Competence in Autonomous Agents.
Saturn: An Automatic Test Generation System for Digital Circuits.
A Logic of Situated Know-How.
Reinforcement Learning with a Hierarchy of Abstract Models.
Reinforcement Learning Algorithms for Average-Payoff Markovian Decision Processes.
Discriminative Training of Markov Logic Networks.
Memory-Efficient Inference in Relational Domains.
Lexical Acquisition in the Presence of Noise and Homonymy.
Nondeterministic Lisp as a Substrate for Constraint Logic Programming.
Inductive Learning in a Mixed Paradigm Setting.
Educational Robotics in Brooklyn.
Towards a Qualitative Lagrangian Theory of Fluid Flow.
Analogical Processing: A Simulation and Empirical Corroboration.
Factual Knowledge For Developing Concurrent Programs.
Minimizing Environmental Swings with a Recurrent Neural Network Control System.
Using a Sketch Pad Interface for Interacting with a Robot Team.
Expert System Consultation Control Strategy.
AGNESS: A Generalized Network-based Expert System Shell.
How to Put the Pieces of AI Together Again.
Toward Connectionist Parsing.
Rover Science Autonomy: Probabilistic Planning for Science-Aware Exploration.
Running the Table: An AI for Computer Billiards.
Modelling Student Acquisition of Problem-Solving Skills.
Finding All of the Solutions to a Problem.
A Stereo Integral Equation.
A Frame-Based Production System Architecture.
Slack-Based Heuristics for Constraint Satisfaction Scheduling.
An Analysis of Forward Pruning.
An Effective Algorithm for Project Scheduling with Arbitrary Temporal Constraints.
Postponing Threats in Partial-Order Planning.
Incremental Non-Backtracking Focusing: A Polynomially Bounded Generalization Algorithm for Version Spaces.
Focused Real-Time Dynamic Programming for MDPs: Squeezing More Out of a Heuristic.
Schema Selection and Stochastic Inference in Modular Environments.
Bayesian Inference without Point Estimates.
The Emergence of Ordered Belief from Initial Ignorance.
Corpus-Driven Knowledge Acquisition for Discourse Analysis.
Multiagent Coalition Formation for Computer-Supported Cooperative Learning.
Range Image Interpretation of Mail Pieces with Superquadrics.
The Techies vs. the Non-techies: Today's Two Cultures.
Assessing the Maintainability of XCON-in-RIME: Coping with the Problems of a VERY Large Rule-Base.
Panel: AI and Education.
Adding Time and Intervals to Procedural and Hierarchical Control Specifications.
Answer Sets for Logic Programs with Arbitrary Abstract Constraint Atoms.
Conformant Planning for Domains with Constraints-A New Approach.
A Logical-Form and Knowledge-Base Design for Natural Language Generation.
The Interpretation of Temporal Relations in Narrative.
Tense Interpretation in the Context of Narrative.
Temporal Reasoning During Plan Recognition.
Using Homomorphisms to Transfer Options across Continuous Reinforcement Learning Domains.
Towards Situated Explanation.
Natural Language Generation for Text-to-Text Applications Using an Information-Slim Representation.
Decision Making in Uncertain Real-World Domains Using DT-Golog.
SAGA-ML: An Active Learning System for Semiautomated Gameplay Analysis.
Genetic Programming and AI Planning Systems.
Criticism, Culture, and the Automatic Generation of Artworks.
Ordering Relations in Human and Machine Planning.
Closed Form Solution to the Structure from Motion Problem from Line Correspondences.
Mixed-Initiative Workflow Composition.
Robust Autonomous Structure-based Color Learning on a Mobile Robot.
Autonomous Color Learning on a Mobile Robot.
Piction: A System That Uses Captions to Label Human Faces in Newspaper Photographs.
Visual Semantics: Extracting Visual information from Text Accompanying Pictures.
Knowledge Integration in Text Recognition.
The Synthy Approach for End to End Web Services Composition: Planning with Decoupled Causal and Resource Reasoning.
Domain-Dependent Parameter Selection of Search-based Algorithms Compatible with User Performance Criteria.
Managing the Life Cycle of Plans.
Frame-Based Computer Network Monitoring.
Deterministic and Bottom-Up Parsing in Prolog.
Restricting Logic Grammars.
Algebraic Sematics for Cumulative Inference Operations.
Mobile Robot Mapping and Localization in Non-Static Environments.
Optimizing Similarity Assessment in Case-Based Reasoning.
The Decomposition of a Large Domain: Reasoning About Machines.
Memory-based Reasoning Applied to English Pronunciation.
Real-Time Evolution of Neural Networks in the NERO Video Game.
Real-Time Interactive Learning in the NERO Video Game.
Reasoning About Grasping.
Using the GEMS System for Cancer Diagnosis and Biomarker Discovery from Microarray Gene Expression Data.
Talking About AI: Socially Defined Linguistic Subcontexts in AI.
Integrating Multiple Sources of Knowledge Into Designer Soar, an Automatic Algorithm Designer.
A Conversational Model of Multimodal Interaction in Information Systems.
Question Ordering in a Mixed Intiative Program Specification Dialogue.
Design as Refinement Plus Constraint Propagation: The VEXED Experience.
The Butterfly Lisp System.
A Nonclausal Connection-Graph Resolution Theorem-Proving Program.
Theory Resolution: Building in Nonequational Theories.
It's Not My Default: The Complexity of Membership Problems in Restricted Propositional Default Logics.
The Complexity of Propositional Default Logics.
Laughing with HAHAcronym, a Computational Humor System.
Five Parallel Algorithms for Production System Execution on the DADO Machine.
DADO: A Tree-Structured Machine Architecture for Production Systems.
Autonomous Learning of Tool Affordances by a Robot.
Semi-Autonomous Animated Actors.
Continuous Belief Functions for Evidential Reasoning.
Curiosity-Driven Exploration with Planning Trajectories.
An Asymptotically Optimal Algorithm for the Max k-Armed Bandit Problem.
Insertions Using Geometric Analysis and Hybrid Force-Position Control on a PUMA 560 with VAL II.
Expectation-Based Vision for Self-Localization on a Legged Robot.
Reflective Reasoning and Learning.
WikiRelate! Computing Semantic Relatedness Using Wikipedia.
Global Filters for Qualitative Behaviors.
Testing Physical Systems.
The TaskTracker System.
Partial Pathfinding Using Map Abstraction and Refinement.
Prob-Maxn: Playing N-Player Games with Opponent Models.
Observation-based Model for BDI-Agents.
Bounds on Translational and Angular Velocity Components from First Order Derivatives of Image Flow.
An Analysis of a Welfare Eligibility Determination Interview: A Planning Approach.
A Basis for a Theory of Program Synthesis.
Factorization in Experiment Generation.
The Utility of EBL in Recursive Domain Theories.
Integrating Joint Intention Theory, Belief Reasoning, and Communicative Action for Generating Team-Oriented Dialogue.
Comprehensibility Improvement of Tabular Knowledge Bases.
Simultaneous Team Assignment and Behavior Recognition from Spatio-Temporal Agent Traces.
Mobile Agent-Based Search for Service Discovery on Dynamic Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Heuristics for Agent Routing and Itinerary Optimization on Dynamic Networks.
Stable Service Placement on Dynamic Peer-to-Peer Networks: A Heuristic for the Distributed Center Problem.
The Relationship between Architectures and Example-Retrieval Times.
A Framework for Model-Based Repair.
Explanation-Based Learning for Image Understanding.
Steps from Explanation Planning to Model Construction Dialogues.
Adapting Bias by Gradient Descent: An Incremental Version of Delta-Bar-Delta.
Parallel Hardware for Constraint Satisfaction.
Virtual Humans.
GIST English Generator.
The GIST Behavior Explainer.
The Shifting Terminological Space: An Impediment to Evolvability.
Cross-Domain Knowledge Transfer Using Structured Representations.
An Intelligent Tutoring System for Interpreting Ground Tracks.
Resolving Goal Conflicts via Negotiation.
Case-Based Acquisition of User Preferences for Solution Improvement in Ill-Structured Domains.
Regularization Uses Fractal Priors.
Shortest Path Discovery Problems: A Framework, Algorithms and Experimental Results.
Point-based Dynamic Programming for DEC-POMDPs.
Conflict Resolution and a Framework for Collaborative Interactive Evolution.
A Theory of Unsupervised Speedup Learning.
Reinforcement Learning for CPG-Driven Biped Robot.
Upgrading Design Systems.
A Frameworkfor Investigating Production System Formulations with Polynomially Bounded Match.
On the Masking Effect.
Qualitative Decision Theory.
Two Case Studies in Cost-Sensitive Concept Acquisition.
Learning from an Approximate Theory and Noisy Examples.
A Constraint Decomposition Method for Spatio-Temporal Configuration Problems.
Some Algorithm Design Methods.
Control Strategies for a Stochastic Planner.
The Use of Condition Types to Restrict Search in an AI Planner.
Intelligent Agents for Coalition Search and Rescue Task Support.
Agent-based Simulation of Geo-Political Conflict.
Pruning Duplicate Nodes in Depth-First Search.
Inter-Task Action Correlation for Reinforcement Learning Tasks.
Value Functions for RL-Based Behavior Transfer: A Comparative Study.
A Probabilistic Algorithm for Segmenting Non-Kanji Japanese Strings.
Planning with Abstraction.
A Collaborative Interface for Editing Large Knowledge Bases.
A Tool for Achieving Consensus in Knowledge Representation.
Efficient Multiresolution Algorithms for Computing Lightness, Shape-From-Shading, and Optical Flow.
Energy Constraints on Deformable Models: Recovering Shape and Non-Rigid Motion.
Online Resource Allocation Using Decompositional Reinforcement Learning.
Planning for Geospatial Data Integration.
An Efficient Algorithm for Scatter Chart Labeling.
Reinforcement Learning with Human Teachers: Evidence of Feedback and Guidance with Implications for Learning Performance.
MCHART: A Flexible, Modular Chart Parsing System.
Shadow Stereo-Locating Object Boundaries Using Shadows.
Inductive Learning For Abductive Diagnosis.
Edge Detection in Optical Flow Fields.
What Should be Computed in Low Level Vision Systems.
Approximate Inference of Bayesian Networks through Edge Deletion.
Additive versus Multiplicative Clause Weighting for SAT.
Path Relaxation: Path Planning for a Mobile Robot.
Identifying Linear Causal Effects.
Identifying Direct Causal Effects in Linear Models.
A Characterization of Interventional Distributions in Semi-Markovian Causal Models.
Inducing Hierarchical Process Models in Dynamic Domains.
The Integration of Unification-Based Syntax/Semantics and Memory-Based Pragmatics for Real-Time Understanding of Noisy Continuous Speech Input.
From Pigeons to Humans: Grounding Relational Learning in Concrete Examples.
A Rule-Based Approach to Information Retrieval: Some Results and Comments.
Reconstruction of 3D Models from Intensity Images and Partial Depth.
RABBIT: An Intelligent Database Assistant.
Proof Analogy in Interactive Theorem Proving: A Method to Express and Use It via Second Order Pattern Matching.
Implicit Ordering of Defaults in Inheritance Systems.
Tekkotsu: A Framework for AIBO Cognitive Robotics.
Nonmonotonic Inheritance and Generic Reflexives.
Using Symbolic Learning to Improve Knowledge-Based Neural Networks.
Refinement ofApproximate Domain Theories by Knowledge-Based Neural Networks.
Encoding Probabilistic Causal Model in Probabilistic Action Language.
Issues in Reasoning about Interaction Networks in Cells: Necessity of Event Ordering Knowledge.
The Autonomous Sciencecraft Experiment Onboard the EO-1 Spacecraft.
Choosing Directions for Rules.
Improving Simultaneous Mapping and Localization in 3D Using Global Constraints.
On the Reconstruction of a Scene from Two Unregistered Images.
Termination Analysis of OPS5 Expert Systems.
The Consistent Labeling Problem in Temporal Reasoning.
Regression with Respect to Sensing Actions and Partial States.
Artemis: Integrating Scientific Data on the Grid.
Geometric Reasoning for Shape Design.
Proof Methods in an Agenda-Based Natural-Deduction Theorem Prover.
A Theory of Game Trees.
A Graph Theoretical Foundation for Integrating RDF Ontologies.
Contract Enactment in Virtual Organizations: A Commitment-Based Approach.
PLANT/ds Revisited: Non-Homogeneous Evaluation Schema in Expert Systems.
Multi-Recurrent Networks for Traffic Forecasting.
Function Sharing in Mechanical Design.
A CSA Model-Based Nuclear Power Plant Consultant.
Perceptron Trees: A Case Study In Hybrid Concept Representations.
Two Kinds of Training Information For Evaluation Function Learning.
Acquisition of Appropriate Bias for Inductive Concept Learning.
Capturing Expression Using Linguistic Information.
CORMS AI: Decision Support System for Monitoring US Maritime Environment.
Action Selection in Bayesian Reinforcement Learning.
Design for Testability.
The Satisfiability of Temporal Constraint Networks.
Efficient Diagnosis of Multiple Disorders Based on a Symptom Clustering Approach.
Theory-Driven Discovery of Reaction Pathways in the MECHEM System.
Learning by Observation and Practice: A Framework for Automatic Acquisition of Planning Operators.
Domain Structure and the Complexity of Diagnostic Problem Solving.
Towards Truthful Mechanisms for Binary Demand Games: A General Framework.
Estimating Probability Distributions over Hypotheses with Variable Unification.
Scientific Model-Building as Search in Matrix Spaces.
A Theory of Forgetting in Logic Programming.
The Tactical Language and Culture Training System: A Demonstration.
Classification Spanning Private Databases.
Knowledge Infusion.
Error Detection and Recovery in a Dynamic Planning Environment.
Functionality in Neural Nets.
Human Procedural Skill Acquisition: Theory, Model and Psychological Validation.
Compact, Convex Upper Bound Iteration for Approximate POMDP Planning.
Effective Generalization of Relational Descriptions.
Integrating Clustering and Classification for Estimating Process Variables in Materials Science.
Rule-Based Models of Legal Expertise.
Case-Based Reasoning for Weather Prediction.
Static Analysis of Moving Jointed Objects.
Flexible Strategy Learning: Analogical Replay of Problem Solving Episodes.
The Shape of Subjective Contours.
Towards Efficient Sampling: Exploiting Random Walk Strategies.
Solving Constraint Satisfaction Problems Using Finite State Automata.
An Introduction to Nonlinear Dimensionality Reduction by Maximum Variance Unfolding.
Depth-First Versus Best-First Search.
Performance of a System to Locate Address Blocks on Mail Pieces.
Solution Reuse in Dynamic Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Mapping Between Semantic Representations Using Horn Clauses.
CFRL: A Language for Specifying the Causal Functionality of Engineered Devices.
Hierarchical Chunking in Classifier Systems.
Perceptually Based Learning of Shape Descriptions for Sketch Recognition.
Optimizing the Predictive Value of Diagnostic Decision Rules.
Evaluating Preference-based Search Tools: A Tale of Two Approaches.
Decision Tree Pruning: Biased or Optimal?
Agent Modeling Methods Using Limited Rationality.
Building Expert Systems for Controlling Complex Programs.
Exaggeration.
Approximation Reformulations.
Branching and Pruning: An Optimal Temporal POCL Planner Based on Constraint Programming.
The First Law of Robotics (A Call to Arms).
A System for Reasoning About Time.
Methods for Empirical Game-Theoretic Analysis.
Getting Serious About Parsing Plans: A Grammatical Analysis of Plan Recognition.
Probabilistic Semantics for Qualitative Influences.
Deduction as Parsing: Tractable Classification in the KL-ONE Framework.
The STRIPS Assumption for Planning Under Uncertainty.
Constraint Propagation Algorithms for Temporal Reasoning.
A General-Equilibrium Approach to Distributed Transportation Planning.
On Analytical and Similarity-Based Classification.
A Computational Market Model for Distributed Configuration Design.
Plan Inference and Student Modeling in ICAI.
Trust Representation and Aggregation in a Distributed Agent System.
CaBMA: Case-Based Project Management Assistant.
An Exact Best-First Search Procedure for the Constrained Rectangular Guillotine Knapsack Problem.
Preferential Semantics for Goals.
Approximate Strategic Reasoning through Hierarchical Reduction of Large Symmetric Games.
A Design Based Approach to Constructing Computational Solutions to Diagnostic Problems.
Mechanisms for Reasoning about Sets.
Visual Estimation of 3-D Line Segments from Motion - A Mobile Robot Vision System.
Evaluating Ontology Cleaning.
An Application View of COORDINATORS: Coordination Managers for First Responders.
Theory Directed Reading Diagnosis Research Using Computer Simulation.
Learning Fault-Tolerant Speech Parsing with SCREEN.
When Is Constrained Clustering Beneficial, and Why?.
A Modular Visual Tracking System.
Very-High-Level Programming of Knowledge Representation Schemes.
Combining Circumscription and Modal Logic.
Rule Based Strategies for Image Interpretation.
Intelligent Tutoring Systems Based Upon Qualitative Model Evolutions.
Experimentally Evaluating Communicative Strategies: The Effect of the Task.
A Complexity Analysis of Cooperative Mechanisms in Reinforcement Learning.
Scenarios as an Aid to Planning.
Self-Correcting Generalization.
Three Findpath Problems.
Improving Reinforcement Learning Function Approximators via Neuroevolution.
Towards Autonomic Computing: Adaptive Job Routing and Scheduling.
Conjunctive Width Heuristics for Maximal Constraint Satisfaction.
Sample-Efficient Evolutionary Function Approximation for Reinforcement Learning.
The Synergy of Music Theory and Al: Learning Multi-Level Expressive Interpretation.
On the Qualitative Structure of Temporally Evolving Visual Motion Fields.
Perceptual Significance Hierarchy: A Computer Vision Theory for Color Separation.
Meta-Planning.
A Mechanical Solution of Schubert's Steamroller by Many-Sorted Resolution.
Talking to UNIX in English: An Overview of UC.
Event Shape Diagrams.
Knowledge Base Refinement Using Apprenticeship Learning Techniques.
Massivley Parallel AI.
On Debugging Rule Sets When Reasoning Under Uncertainty.
Phenomenologically Plausible Parsing.
Object Recognition in Structured and Random Environments: Locating Address Blocks on Mail Pieces.
A Domain-Independent System for Case-Based Task Decomposition without Domain Theories.
The Use of Continuity in a Qualitative Physics.
Doing Time: Putting Qualitative Reasoning on Firmer Ground.
MINIMA: A Symbolic Approach to Qualitative Algebraic Reasoning.
Interaction-Based Invention: Designing Novel Devices from First Principles.
Activity Analysis: The Qualitative Analysis of Stationary Points for Optimal Reasoning.
Using Deep Structure to Locate Hard Problems.
Extending Deep Structure.
Decompositional Modeling through Caricatural Reasoning.
Utility-Directed Planning.
Towards More Creative Case-Based Design Systems.
Extending CP-Nets with Stronger Conditional Preference Statements.
On the Qualitative Structure of a Mechanical Assembly.
Just How Mad Are You? Finding Strong and Weak Opinion Clauses.
Mixtures of Predictive Linear Gaussian Models for Nonlinear, Stochastic Dynamical Systems.
Is Belief Revision Harder Than You Thought?
Validating Generalized Plans in the Presence of Incomplete Information.
Reasoning about Action Using a Possible Models Approach.
President's Panel: Past Present and Future Presidents Look at the Past Present and Future.
Learning Physical Descriptions From Functional Definitions, Examples, and Precedents.
A Statistical Technique for Recovering Surface Orientation from Texture in Natural Imagery.
Intensity-Based Edge Classification.
Signal Matching Through Scale Space.
A Parser for Portable NL Interfaces Using Graph-Unification-Based Grammars.
A Multi Agent Approach to Vision Based Robot Scavenging.
3-D Motion Recovery From Time-Varying Optical Flows.
Knowledge Engineering Issues in VLSI Synthesis.
Decision Tree Methods for Finding Reusable MDP Homomorphisms.
Retrieving Semantically Distant Analogies with Knowledge-Directed Spreading Activation.
A Program Model and Knowledge Base for Computer Aided Program Synthesis.
An Algorithm for Real-Time Tracking of Non-Rigid Objects.
On the Complexity of Linking Deductive and Abstract Argument Systems.
Teaching a Complex Industrial Process.
Building a Community Memory for Intelligent Tutoring Systems.
Context-Dependent Transitions in Tutoring Discourse.
Synthetic Adversaries for Urban Combat Training.
Nondestructive Graph Unification.
ISCS-A Tool Kit for Constructing Knowledge-based System Configurators.
A Learning Architecture for Automating the Intelligent Environment.
Unsupervised Activity Recognition Using Automatically Mined Common Sense.
On the Integration of Grounding Language and Learning Objects.
A Model-based Approach for Merging Prioritized Knowledge Bases in Possibilistic Logic.
Truly Parallel Understanding of Text.
Fuzzy Irrigation Decision Support System.
A New Approach to Estimating the Expected First Hitting Time of Evolutionary Algorithms.
Integrated Introspective Case-Based Reasoning for Intelligent Tutoring Systems.
Software Testing by Active Learning for Commercial Games.
Finding Redundant Constraints for FSM Minimization.
Robust Support Vector Machine Training via Convex Outlier Ablation.
On Reducing Parallel Circumscription.
Automatic Generation of Artistic Chinese Calligraphy.
Depth-First vs. Best-First Search: New Results.
Unsupervised and Semi-Supervised Multi-Class Support Vector Machines.
Improving Repair-Based Constraint Satisfaction Methods by Value Propagation.
Improve Web Search Using Image Snippets.
Solving Generalized Semi-Markov Decision Processes Using Continuous Phase-Type Distributions.
Distributed Robust Execution of Qualitative State Plan with Chance Constraints.
Fingerprints Theorems.
Synthetic Robot Language Development.
Some Applications of Graph Bandwidth to Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Nonmonotonic Sorts for Feature Structures.
A Mathematical Programming Formulation for Sparse Collaborative Computer Aided Diagnosis.
Improving Human-Robot Interaction for Remote Robot Operation.
A Rearrangement Search Strategy for Determining Propositional Satisfiability.
Interpretation of Design Drawings by Analogy.
Non-Deterministic Lisp with Dependency-directed Backtracking.
A Theory of Default Reasoning.
Using Modified Lasso Regression to Learn Large Undirected Graphs in a Probabilistic Framework.
An Algebraic Approach to Conflict Resolution in Planning.
Dual Search in Permutation State Spaces.
An Efficient Algorithm for Local Distance Metric Learning.
ABTWEAK: Abstracting a Nonlinear, Least Commitment Planner.
Evidential Reasoning Using DELEF.
Grouping Iso-Velocity Points for Ego-Motion Recovery.
Learning Semantic Grammars with Constructive Inductive Logic Programming.
Intelligent Automated Grid Generation for Numerical Simulations.
Inducing Deterministic Prolog Parsers from Treebanks: A Machine Learning Approach.
Explaining Temporal Differences to Create Useful Concepts for Evaluating States.
Epsilon-Transformation: Exploiting Phase Transitions to Solve Combinatorial Optimization Problems Initial Results.
Finding the Average Rates of Change in Repetitive Behavior.
A Unified Knowledge Based Approach for Sense Disambiguation and Semantic Role Labeling.
Computer Simulation of Statistics and Educational Measurement StatSim: An Intelligent Tutoring System for Statistics.
A Reasoning Model Based on an Extended Dempster-Shafer Theory.
Finite Sample Error Bound for Parzen Windows.
A Principled Approach to Reasoning About the Specificity ofRules.
Discovery of Equations: Experimental Evaluation of Convergence.
The Acquisition, Analysis and Evaluation of Imprecise Requirements for Knowledge-Based Systems.
Shipping Departments vs. Shipping Pacemakers: Using Thematic Analysis to Improve Tagging Accuracy.
Specification by Reformulation: A Paradigm for Building Integrated User Support Environments.
Learning Planning Rules in Noisy Stochastic Worlds.
Hard Constrained Semi-Markov Decision Processes.
Automatic Wrapper Generation Using Tree Matching and Partial Tree Alignment.
Bitbots: Simple Robots Solving Complex Tasks.
Online Semantic Extraction by Backpropagation Neural Network with Various Syntactic Structure Representations.
Knowledge Matrix - An Explanation & Knowledge Refinement Facility for a Rule Induced Neural Network.
Solving QBF by Combining Conjunctive and Disjunctive Normal Forms.
Distributed Representation of Syntactic Structure by Tensor Product Representation and Non-Linear Compression.
High-Level Goal Recognition in a Wireless LAN.
Activity Recognition through Goal-Based Segmentation.
Extracting Qualitative Dynamics from Numerical Experiments.
Generating Global Behaviors using Deep knowledge of Local Dynamics.
Model Simplification by Asymptotic Order of Magnitude Reasoning.
Bayesian Inference on Principal Component Analysis Using Reversible Jump Markov Chain Monte Carlo.
Weak-Commitment Search for Solving Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Tractable Tree Convex Constraint Networks.
Coalitional Games in Open Anonymous Environments.
A Unified Framework for Representing Logic Program Updates.
Learning Measures of Progress for Planning Domains.
Negotiation as Mutual Belief Revision.
Exploiting the Structure of Hierarchical Plans in Temporal Constraint Propagation.
A Constraint-Based Approach to High-School Timetabling Problems: A Case Study.
Exploiting Symmetries in POMDPs for Point-Based Algorithms.
Monte Carlo Go Has a Way to Go.
Sensor Selection for Active Information Fusion.
Hidden Naive Bayes.
Planning and Verification for Stochastic Processes with Asynchronous Events.
An Average-Case Analysis of Branch-and-Bound with Applications: Summary of Results.
Planning and Execution with Phase Transitions.
Simultaneous Heuristic Search for Conjunctive Subgoals.
Semantic Scene Concept Learning by an Autonomous Agent.
A Computational Model of Logic-Based Negotiation.
A Direct Evolutionary Feature Extraction Algorithm for Classifying High Dimensional Data.
Space-Efficient Memory-Based Heuristics.
Structured Duplicate Detection in External-Memory Graph Search.
External-Memory Pattern Databases Using Structured Duplicate Detection.
Domain-Independent Structured Duplicate Detection.
A Breadth-First Approach to Memory-Efficient Graph Search.
Responsive Information Architect: Enabling Context-Sensitive Information Seeking.
Responsive Information Architect: A Context-Sensitive Multimedia Conversation Framework for Information Seeking.
On Multi-Class Cost-Sensitive Learning.
Photometric and Geometric Restoration of Document Images Using Inpainting and Shape-from-Shading.
Goal-Directed Site-Independent Recommendations from Passive Observations.
A Multi-Dimensional Trust Model for Heterogeneous Contract Observations.
Learning Causal Models for Noisy Biological Data Mining: An Application to Ovarian Cancer Detection.
Error Detection and Impact-Sensitive Instance Ranking in Noisy Datasets.
Enabling Domain-Awareness for a Generic Natural Language Interface.
Isometric Projection.
Knowledge-Driven Learning and Discovery.
Optimal Unbiased Estimators for Evaluating Agent Performance.
CIGAR: Concurrent and Interleaving Goal and Activity Recognition.
AURA: Enabling Subject Matter Experts to Construct Declarative Knowledge Bases from Science Textbooks.
A FrameWork and an Analysis of Current Proposals for the Case-Based Organization and Representation of Procedural Knowledge.
Combining Multiple Heuristics Online.
Negotiation and Conflict Resolution in Non-Cooperative Domains.
Computing Pure Nash Equilibria in Symmetric Action Graph Games.
Coalition, Cryptography, and Stability: Mechanisms for Coalition Formation in Task Oriented Domains.
A Corpus-Based Hybrid Approach to Music Analysis and Composition.
Mechanisms for Partial Information Elicitation: The Truth, but Not the Whole Truth.
A Robot That Uses Existing Vocabulary to Infer Non-Visual Word Meanings from Observation.
Robust Mechanisms for Information Elicitation.
Potential-Aware Automated Abstraction of Sequential Games, and Holistic Equilibrium Analysis of Texas Hold'em Poker.
Goal-based Generation of Motivational Expressions in a Learning Environment.
The More the Merrier: Multi-Party Negotiation with Virtual Humans.
An Optimizing Method for Structuring Inferentially Linked Discourse.
ESP: A Logic of Only-Knowing, Noisy Sensing and Acting.
A New Algorithm for Generating Equilibria in Massive Zero-Sum Games.
Comprehension-Driven Generation of Meta-Technical Utterances in Math Tutoring.
Approximate Inference in Probabilistic Graphical Models with Determinism.
Partial Revelation Automated Mechanism Design.
Manifold Denoising as Preprocessing for Finding Natural Representations of Data.
Automated Discovery in a Chemistry Laboratory.
Flexible Provisioning of Service Workflows.
Operational Definition Refinement: A Discovery Process.
A Spectrum of Symbolic On-line Diagnosis Approaches.
Intelligent Output Interface for Intelligent Medical Search Engine.
Heuristic Search and Information Visualization Methods for School Redistricting.
Using Multiresolution Learning for Transfer in Image Classification.
DD-PREF: A Language for Expressing Preferences over Sets.
Representation Transfer via Elaboration.
Multi-Objective Russian Doll Search.
The Marchitecture: A Cognitive Architecture for a Robot Baby.
Indefinite-Horizon POMDPs with Action-Based Termination.
Efficient Datalog Abduction through Bounded Treewidth.
A Kernel Approach to Comparing Distributions.
Expressiveness of ADL and Golog: Functions Make a Difference.
Multi-Label Learning by Instance Differentiation.
Learning Equilibrium in Resource Selection Games.
A Framework for Modeling Influence, Opinions and Structure in Social Media.
Optimal Multi-Agent Scheduling with Constraint Programming.
Harnessing Algorithm Bias in Classical Planning.
Approximate Query Answering in Locally Closed Databases.
Explanation Support for the Case-Based Reasoning Tool myCBR.
Nonmyopic Informative Path Planning in Spatio-Temporal Models.
Design of a Mechanism for Promoting Honesty in E-Marketplaces.
Incorporating Observer Biases in Keyhole Plan Recognition (Efficiently!).
A Vision-Based System for a UGV to Handle a Road Intersection.
Active Algorithm Selection.
Using Iterated Best-Response to Find Bayes-Nash Equilibria in Auctions.
Efficient Statistical Methods for Evaluating Trading Agent Performance.
A Modal Logic for Beliefs and Pro Attitudes.
Facts Do Not Cease to Exist Because They Are Ignored: Relativised Uniform Equivalence with Answer-Set Projection.
Fish Inspection System using a Parallel Neural Network Chip and Image Knowledge Builder Application.
Using Expectation Maximization to Find Likely Assignments for Solving CSP's.
Discovering Near Symmetry in Graphs.
An Egalitarist Fusion of Incommensurable Ranked Belief Bases under Constraints.
Single Document Summarization with Document Expansion.
Data Clustering with a Relational Push-Pull Model.
A Situation-Calculus Semantics for an Expressive Fragment of PDDL.
Recognition of Hand Drawn Chemical Diagrams.
R-CAST: Integrating Team Intelligence for Human-Centered Teamwork.
On the Benefits of Exploiting Underlying Goals in Argument-based Negotiation.
Agent Influence as a Predictor of Difficulty for Decentralized Problem-Solving.
Measuring the Uncertainty of Differences for Contrasting Groups.
Representative Explanations for Over-Constrained Problems.
Supporting Feedback and Assessment of Digital Ink Answers to In-Class Exercises.
DL-Lite in the Light of First-Order Logic.
Towards Efficient Dominant Relationship Exploration of the Product Items on the Web.
A Distributed Constraint Optimization Solution to the P2P Video Streaming Problem.
ASKNet: Automated Semantic Knowledge Network.
Beyond Individualism: Modeling Team Playing Behavior in Robot Soccer through Case-Based Reasoning.
Spatial Representation and Reasoning for Human-Robot Collaboration.
Analyzing Reading Behavior by Blog Mining.
Computing Optimal Subsets.
Scaling Up: Solving POMDPs through Value Based Clustering.
A Unification of Extensive-Form Games and Markov Decision Processes.
The Übercruncher: Concept Formation by Analogy Discovery.
Learning and Inference for Hierarchically Split PCFGs.
The Modal Logic S4F, the Default Logic, and the Logic Here-and-There.
Towards Large Scale Argumentation Support on the Semantic Web.
Ungreedy Methods for Chinese Deterministic Dependency Parsing.
Disambiguating Noun Compounds.
Disaster Evacuation Support.
Action-Space Partitioning for Planning.
Strongly Decomposable Voting Rules on Multiattribute Domains.
Answering Regular Path Queries in Expressive Description Logics: An Automata-Theoretic Approach.
Web Service Composition as Planning, Revisited: In Between Background Theories and Initial State Uncertainty.
Comprehending and Generating Apt Metaphors: A Web-driven, Case-based Approach to Figurative Language.
Domain-Independent Construction of Pattern Database Heuristics for Cost-Optimal Planning.
Online Co-Localization in Indoor Wireless Networks by Dimension Reduction.
Deriving a Large-Scale Taxonomy from Wikipedia.
Journal-Ranking.com: An Online Interactive Journal Ranking System.
TableRank: A Ranking Algorithm for Table Search and Retrieval.
Improved State Estimation in Multiagent Settings with Continuous or Large Discrete State Spaces.
Compressing Configuration Data for Memory Limited Devices.
Impromptu Teams of Heterogeneous Mobile Robots.
From Whence Does Your Authority Come? Utilizing Community Relevance in Ranking.
A Randomized String Kernel and Its Application to RNA Interference.
Custom DU® - A Web Based Business User Driven Automated Underwriting System.
A Markovian Model for Dynamic and Constrained Resource Allocation Problems.
Intention Guided Belief Revision.
Autonomous Inter-Task Transfer in Reinforcement Learning Domains.
Inconsistent Heuristics.
Generality and Equivalence Relations in Default Logic.
Parallel Structured Duplicate Detection.
Centralized, Distributed or Something Else? Making Timely Decisions in Multi-Agent Systems.
Revenue Monotonicity in Combinatorial Auctions.
Probabilistic Community Discovery Using Hierarchical Latent Gaussian Mixture Model.
A Framework for Ontology-Based Service Selection in Dynamic Environments.
Generalized Evidence Pre-propagated Importance Sampling for Hybrid Bayesian Networks.
A Deployed Semantically-Enabled Interdisciplinary Virtual Observatory.
Planning as Satisfiability with Preferences.
The PhotoSlap Game: Play to Annotate.
A Qualitative Approach to Multiple Fault Isolation in Continuous Systems.
A Generalized Gelfond-Lifschitz Transformation for Logic Programs with Abstract Constraints.
KSU Willie in Semantic Vision Challenge.
Freebase: A Shared Database of Structured General Human Knowledge.
A Planning Approach for Message-Oriented Semantic Web Service Composition.
A Multi-Agent Approach to Distributed Rendering Optimization.
Reasoning from Desires to Intentions: A Dialectical Framework.
Understanding Performance Tradeoffs in Algorithms for Solving Oversubscribed Scheduling.
TeamTalk: A Platform for Multi-Human-Robot Dialog Research in Coherent Real and Virtual Spaces.
UNDERTOW: Multi-Level Segmentation of Real-Valued Time Series.
Recognizing Textual Entailment Using a Subsequence Kernel Method.
OPTIMOL: A Framework for Online Picture Collection via Incremental Model Learning.
Gender-Sensitive Automated Negotiators.
Dynamic DFS Tree in ADOPT-ing.
Generating Plans in Concurrent, Probabilistic, Over-Subscribed Domains.
Mining Sequential Patterns and Tree Patterns to Detect Erroneous Sentences.
Extracting Student Models for Intelligent Tutoring Systems.
Efficient Structure Learning in Factored-State MDPs.
Turning Lectures into Comic Books Using Linguistically Salient Gestures.
Harvesting Relations from the Web - Quantifiying the Impact of Filtering Functions.
Valuation Uncertainty and Imperfect Introspection in Second-Price Auctions.
Mining Web Query Hierarchies from Clickthrough Data.
Reasoning about Bargaining Situations.
Optimizing Anthrax Outbreak Detection Using Reinforcement Learning.
Semantic Inference at the Lexical-Syntactic Level.
The VITA Financial Services Sales Support Environment.
Population-Based Simulated Annealing for Traveling Tournaments.
Learning by Reading: A Prototype System, Performance Baseline and Lessons Learned.
Active Imitation Learning.
VOILA: Efficient Feature-value Acquisition for Classification.
Content Analysis for Proactive Intelligence: Marshaling Frame Evidence.
Acquiring Visibly Intelligent Behavior with Example-Guided Neuroevolution.
KA-CAPTCHA: An Opportunity for Knowledge Acquisition on the Web.
Representing and Reasoning about Commitments in Business Processes.
Counting Models using Extension Rules.
Refutation by Randomised General Resolution.
Allocating Goods on a Graph to Eliminate Envy.
Theta*: Any-Angle Path Planning on Grids.
Abstraction in Predictive State Representations.
A* Search via Approximate Factoring.
Partial Matchmaking using Approximate Subsumption.
Search Space Reduction and Russian Doll Search.
Discovering Multivariate Motifs using Subsequence Density Estimation and Greedy Mixture Learning.
Modeling Contextual Factors of Click Rates.
Interactive Configuration with Regular String Constraints.
Particle Filtering for Dynamic Agent Modelling in Simplified Poker.
Enabling Intelligent Content Discovery on the Mobile Internet.
Near-optimal Observation Selection using Submodular Functions.
Learning to Sing Like a Bird: The Self-Supervised Acquisition of Birdsong.
Asymptotically Optimal Encodings of Conformant Planning in QBF.
Equilibria in Heterogeneous Nonmonotonic Multi-Context Systems.
A Temporal Mereology for Distinguishing between Integral Objects and Portions of Stuff.
Repairing Ontology Mappings.
Detection of Multiple Deformable Objects using PCA-SIFT.
A Connectionist Cognitive Model for Temporal Synchronisation and Learning.
Evolutionary Rhythm Composition with Trajectory-based Fitness Evaluation.
Evolutionary and Lifetime Learning in Varying NK Fitness Landscape Changing Environments: An Analysis of Both Fitness and Diversity.
Synthesis of Constraint-Based Local Search Algorithms from High-Level Models.
Logic for Automated Mechanism Design - A Progress Report.
On the Reasoning Patterns of Agents in Games.
Macroscopic Models of Clique Tree Growth for Bayesian Networks.
A Robotic Weight Loss Coach.
Joint Inference in Information Extraction.
Topic Segmentation Algorithms for Text Summarization and Passage Retrieval: An Exhaustive Evaluation.
Efficient Reinforcement Learning with Relocatable Action Models.
Best-First AND/OR Search for Graphical Models.
Learning Language Semantics from Ambiguous Supervision.
Modeling Reciprocal Behavior in Human Bilateral Negotiation.
Finding Related Pages Using Green Measures: An Illustration with Wikipedia.
An Incentive Mechanism for Promoting Honesty in E-Marketplaces.
Unscented Message Passing for Arbitrary Continuous Variables in Bayesian Networks.
Predictive Exploration for Autonomous Science.
Making the Difference in Semantic Web Service Composition.
Towards a Cognitive Model of Crowd Behavior Based on Social Comparison Theory.
Approximate Counting by Sampling the Backtrack-free Search Space.
Action-Based Alternating Transition Systems for Arguments about Action.
Llull and Copeland Voting Broadly Resist Bribery and Control.
Biomind ArrayGenius and GeneGenius: Web Services Offering Microarray and SNP Data Analysis via Novel Machine Learning Methods.
Temporal and Information Flow Based Event Detection from Social Text Streams.
On the Prospects for Building a Working Model of the Visual Cortex.
Solving a Stochastic Queueing Design and Control Problem with Constraint Programming.
Handling Non-Sentential Utterances in a Continuous Understanding Framework.
Best-First Search for Treewidth.
Actively Exploring Creation of Face Space(s) for Improved Face Recognition.
Filtering, Decomposition and Search Space Reduction for Optimal Sequential Planning.
A Logic of Emotions for Intelligent Agents.
Autonomous Development of a Grounded Object Ontology by a Learning Robot.
Continuous State POMDPs for Object Manipulation Tasks.
Heuristic Evaluation Functions for General Game Playing.
COD: Online Temporal Clustering for Outbreak Detection.
Transposition Tables for Constraint Satisfaction.
Unsupervised Shilling Detection for Collaborative Filtering.
The Pyramid Match: Efficient Learning with Partial Correspondences.
On the Partial Observability of Temporal Uncertainty.
Complexity Boundaries for Horn Description Logics.
Uncertainty in Preference Elicitation and Aggregation.
The Impact of Time on the Accuracy of Sentiment Classifiers Created from a Web Log Corpus.
Coordinating Hundreds of Cooperative, Autonomous Vehicles in Warehouses.
Logical Generative Models for Probabilistic Reasoning about Existence, Roles and Identity.
Time-Delay Neural Networks and Independent Component Analysis for EEG-Based Prediction of Epileptic Seizures Propagation.
Scalable Semantic Retrieval through Summarization and Refinement.
A Method for Large-Scale l1-Regularized Logistic Regression.
An Interactive Constraint-Based Approach to Sudoku.
Learning Voting Trees.
Improving Similarity Measures for Short Segments of Text.
Clustering with Local and Global Regularization.
A Meta-learning Approach for Selecting between Response Automation Strategies in a Help-desk Domain.
An Architecture for Adaptive Algorithmic Hybrids.
A Logic of Agent Programs.
RETALIATE: Learning Winning Policies in First-Person Shooter Games.
Prime Implicates and Prime Implicants in Modal Logic.
Implementing Modal Extensions of Defeasible Logic for the Semantic Web.
Identifying Protein Interaction Abstracts with Contextual Bag of Words.
Randomized Adaptive Spatial Decoupling for Large-Scale Vehicle Routing with Time Windows.
Real Arguments Are Approximate Arguments.
Belief Change and Cryptographic Protocol Verification.
Making VCG More Robust in Combinatorial Auctions via Submodular Approximation.
Reacting to Agreement and Error in Spoken Dialogue Systems Using Degrees of Groundedness.
A Semantic Importing Approach to Knowledge Reuse from Multiple Ontologies.
Machine Learning for Automatic Mapping of Planetary Surfaces.
Mobile Service for Reputation Extraction from Weblogs - Public Experiment and Evaluation.
Humans Perform Semi-Supervised Classification Too.
On the Value of Good Advice: The Complexity of A* Search with Accurate Heuristics.
L2R: A Logical Method for Reference Reconciliation.
Counting CSP Solutions Using Generalized XOR Constraints.
Semi-Supervised Learning with Very Few Labeled Training Examples.
Interest-Matching Comparisons using CP-nets.
Recommending Travel Packages Upon Distributed Knowledge.
A Reinforcement Learning Algorithm with Polynomial Interaction Complexity for Only-Costly-Observable MDPs.
Extending Cognitive Architecture with Episodic Memory.
Forgetting Actions in Domain Descriptions.
Reasoning about Attribute Authenticity in a Web Environment.
Computational Complexity of Weighted Threshold Games.
Transferring Naive Bayes Classifiers for Text Classification.
Towards an Integrated Robot with Multiple Cognitive Functions.
Learning Large Scale Common Sense Models of Everyday Life.
Robust Estimation of Google Counts for Social Network Extraction.
Cost-Sensitive Imputing Missing Values with Ordering.
On Policy Learning in Restricted Policy Spaces.
Temporal Difference and Policy Search Methods for Reinforcement Learning: An Empirical Comparison.
A Mixed Reality Approach to Undergraduate Robotics Education.
Authorial Idioms for Target Distributions in TTD-MDPs.
Spatial Reference Resolution for an Embodied Dialogue Agent.
Real-Time Identification of Operating Room State from Video.
Diagnosis of Discrete-Event Systems Using Satisfiability Algorithms.
PhotoSlap: A Multi-player Online Game for Semantic Annotation.
An Integrated Robotic System for Spatial Understanding and Situated Interaction in Indoor Environments.
A Modular Action Description Language for Protocol Composition.
Using Spatial Language in Multi-Modal Knowledge Capture.
Modeling and Learning Vague Event Durations for Temporal Reasoning.
Probabilistic Modal Logic.
Learning to Solve QBF.
Adaptive Traitor Tracing with Bayesian Networks.
Situated Conversational Agents.
Integrating Natural Language, Knowledge Representation and Reasoning, and Analogical Processing to Learn by Reading.
A Text-to-Picture Synthesis System for Augmenting Communication.
Conservative Dual Consistency.
Learning Graphical Model Structure Using L1-Regularization Paths.
An Intelligent System for Chinese Calligraphy.
Kernel Regression with Order Preferences.
Semi-Supervised Learning by Mixed Label Propagation.
Simple Robots with Minimal Sensing: From Local Visibility to Global Geometry.
On the Approximation of Instance Level Update and Erasure in Description Logics.
GRIN: A Graph Based RDF Index.
Model-lite Planning for the Web Age Masses: The Challenges of Planning with Incomplete and Evolving Domain Models.
Classifiers Fusion for EEG Signals Processing in Human-Computer Interface Systems.
The Virtual Solar-Terrestrial Observatory: A Deployed Semantic Web Application Case Study for Scientific Research.
Computational Aspects of Covering in Dominance Graphs.
Refining Rules Incorporated into Knowledge-Based Support Vector Learners Via Successive Linear Programming.
Mapping and Revising Markov Logic Networks for Transfer Learning.
The Impact of Network Topology on Pure Nash Equilibria in Graphical Games.
ASKNet: Automated Semantic Knowledge Network.
Improving Learning in Networked Data by Combining Explicit and Mined Links.
Integrative Construction and Analysis of Condition-specific Biological Networks.
User Model and Utility Based Power Management.
Template-Independent News Extraction Based on Visual Consistency.
A Demonstration of ScriptEase Interruptible and Resumable Behaviors for CRPGs.
Using Eye-Tracking Data for High-Level User Modeling in Adaptive Interfaces.
BlogVox: Learning Sentiment Classifiers.
Learn to Compress and Restore Sequential Data.
Stochastic Optimization for Collision Selection in High Energy Physics.
Predicate Projection in a Bimodal Spatial Reasoning System.
An Integrated Development Environment and Architecture for Soar-Based Agents.
Approximate Solutions of Interactive Dynamic Influence Diagrams Using Model Clustering.
A General Framework for Generating Multivariate Explanations in Bayesian Networks.
Pareto Optimality in Abstract Argumentation.
Posterior Probability Profiles for the Automated Assessment of the Recovery of Stroke Patients.
Distance Metric Learning Versus Fisher Discriminant Analysis.
Manipulating the Quota in Weighted Voting Games.
Bound Consistency for Binary Length-Lex Set Constraints.
Instance-level Semisupervised Multiple Instance Learning.
Fast Planning by Search in Domain Transition Graph.
Worst-case Optimal Conjunctive Query Answering for an Expressive Description Logic without Inverses.
An Unsupervised Approach for Product Record Normalization across Different Web Sites.
A Global Constraint for Bin-Packing with Precedences: Application to the Assembly Line Balancing Problem.
Hybrid Markov Logic Networks.
Semantical Considerations on Dialectical and Practical Commitments.
Incremental Algorithms for Approximate Compilation.
Decision-Theoretic User Interface Generation.
Classification by Discriminative Regularization.
Efficient Haplotype Inference with Answer Set Programming.
An AGM-Based Belief Revision Mechanism for Probabilistic Spatio-Temporal Logics.
Toward Autonomous Learning of an Ontology of Tool Affordances by a Robot.
Generating Useful Network-based Features for Analyzing Social Networks.
Feature Selection for Activity Recognition in Multi-Robot Domains.
A General Method for Reducing the Complexity of Relational Inference and its Application to MCMC.
Nonmonotonic Modes of Inference.
Computing Minimal Diagnoses by Greedy Stochastic Search.
Exploiting Causal Independence Using Weighted Model Counting.
CRF-OPT: An Efficient High-Quality Conditional Random Field Solver.
A Reductive Semantics for Counting and Choice in Answer Set Programming.
Hypothesis Pruning and Ranking for Large Plan Recognition Problems.
A Hybrid Approach to Convoy Movement Planning in an Urban City.
An Interaction-Based Approach to Computational Epidemiology.
Adapting ADtrees for High Arity Features.
Approximating OWL-DL Ontologies.
An Ironing-Based Approach to Adaptive Online Mechanism Design in Single-Valued Domains.
Anytime Coordination Using Separable Bilinear Programs.
Sampling with Memoization.
Minimal Mental Models.
Description Logics for Multi-Issue Bilateral Negotiation with Incomplete Information.
Anytime Optimal Coalition Structure Generation.
Purely Epistemic Markov Decision Processes.
Automatic Synthesis of a Global Behavior from Multiple Distributed Behaviors.
Provisioning Heterogeneous and Unreliable Providers for Service Workflows.
Knowledge Compilation Properties of Tree-of-BDDs.
Lexical and Grammatical Inference.
On the Identification of a Class of Linear Models.
Scaling Up: Solving POMDPs through Value Based Clustering.
Adaptive Importance Sampling with Automatic Model Selection in Value Function Approximation.
An Investigation into Computational Recognition of Children's Jokes.
An alpha-approximation Protocol for the Generalized Mutual Assignment Problem.
Using Knowledge Driven Matrix Factorization to Reconstruct Modular Gene Regulatory Network.
PLOW: A Collaborative Task Learning Agent.
Active Learning for Pipeline Models.
Using Clustering Methods for Discovering Event Structures.
Using AI for Olympic Equestrian Event Preparation.
Semantic Web Development for Traditional Chinese Medicine.
Automatic Semantic Relation Extraction with Multiple Boundary Generation.
Preference Aggregation with Graphical Utility Models.
Optimizations and Extensions for the Horn Transaction Logic Programs.
Latent Tree Models and Approximate Inference in Bayesian Networks.
Explicit-State Abstraction: A New Method for Generating Heuristic Functions.
Studies in Solution Sampling.
ADROIT: Automatic Discourse Relation Organizer of Internet-based Text.
Using Wiktionary for Computing Semantic Relatedness.
2-Dimensional Cellular Automata Approach for Robot Grid Formations.
Achieving Master Level Play in 9 x 9 Computer Go.
First-Order Algorithm with O(ln(1/e)) Convergence for e-Equilibrium in Two-Person Zero-Sum Games.
Learning Sparse Kernels from 3D Surfaces for Heart Wall Motion Abnormality Detection.
Another Look at Search-Based Drama Management.
Semi-Supervised Ensemble Ranking.
Learning from Multiple Heuristics.
On-line Recognition of Surgical Activity for Monitoring in the Operating Room.
Predicting the Performance of IDA* with Conditional Distributions.
Reasoning with Cardinal Directions: An Efficient Algorithm.
Efficient Algorithms to Solve Bayesian Stackelberg Games for Security Applications.
Expressive Banner Ad Auctions and Model-Based Online Optimization for Clearing.
From Comparing Clusterings to Combining Clusterings.
The Impact of Vertical Specialization on Hierarchical Multi-Agent Systems.
Visualization of Large-Scale Weighted Clustered Graph: A Genetic Approach.
On Balanced CSPs with High Treewidth.
Inference Rules for High-Order Consistency in Weighted CSP.
Possibilistic Causal Networks for Handling Interventions: A New Propagation Algorithm.
Online Collective Entity Resolution.
Implementing the Maximum of Monotone Algorithms.
Concurrent Action Execution with Shared Fluents.
Learning by Combining Observations and User Edits.
Using AI for e-Government Automatic Assessment of Immigration Application Forms.
Informed Case Base Maintenance: A Complexity Profiling Approach.
Using More Reasoning to Improve #SAT Solving.
Relationship Identification for Social Network Discovery.
A Computational Analysis of the Tournament Equilibrium Set.
Optimal Regression for Reasoning about Knowledge and Actions.
An Experimental Comparison of Constraint Logic Programming and Answer Set Programming.
Topological Mapping with Weak Sensory Data.
Robust Estimation of 3-D Line Segments from Satellite Images for Model Building and Change Detection.
Detecting Execution Failures Using Learned Action Models.
Data Structures for Generalised Arc Consistency for Extensional Constraints.
A Logical Theory of Coordination and Joint Ability.
Wings for Pegasus: Creating Large-Scale Scientific Applications Using Semantic Representations of Computational Workflows.
Two Approaches for Building an Unsupervised Dependency Parser and Their Other Applications.
Automated Online Mechanism Design and Prophet Inequalities.
Stochastic Filtering in a Probabilistic Action Model.
ASKNet: Automatically Generating Semantic Knowledge Networks.
The UBC Semantic Robot Vision System.
Reputation in the Venture Games.
On Discriminative Semi-Supervised Classification.
On Capturing Semantics in Ontology Mapping.
Automatic Algorithm Configuration Based on Local Search.
Near-Optimal Search in Continuous Domains.
MasDISPO: A Multiagent Decision Support System for Steel Production and Control.
Point-Based Policy Iteration.
Mutual Belief Revision: Semantics and Computation.
Compact Spectral Bases for Value Function Approximation Using Kronecker Factorization.
Modeling User Perception of Interaction Opportunities in Collaborative Human-Computer Settings.
Propagating Knapsack Constraints in Sublinear Time.
Empirical Game-Theoretic Methods for Strategy Design and Analysis in Complex Games.
Extracting Influential Nodes for Information Diffusion on a Social Network.
Towards an Adaptive Approach for Distributed Resource Allocation in a Multi-agent System for Solving Dynamic Vehicle Routing Problems.
Measuring the Level of Transfer Learning by an AP Physics Problem-Solver.
On Possible Applications of Rough Mereology to Handling Granularity in Ontological Knowledge.
Analyzing the Performance of Pattern Database Heuristics.
Fuzzy Set Theory-Based Belief Processing for Natural Language Texts.
SUNNY: A New Algorithm for Trust Inference in Social Networks Using Probabilistic Confidence Models.
Adaptive Timeout Policies for Fast Fine-Grained Power Management.
Reinforcement Using Supervised Learning for Policy Generalization.
Aggregating User-Centered Rankings to Improve Web Search.
The Semantics of Variables in Action Descriptions.
Graph Partitioning Based on Link Distributions.
Hybrid Inference for Sensor Network Localization Using a Mobile Robot.
Cautious Inference in Collective Classification.
Thresholded Rewards: Acting Optimally in Timed, Zero-Sum Games.
Responding to Student Affect and Efficacy through Empathetic Companion Agents in Interactive Learning Environments.
An Implementation of Robot Formations using Local Interactions.
Relation Extraction from Wikipedia Using Subtree Mining.
Dominance and Equivalence for Sensor-Based Agents.
Generating and Solving Logic Puzzles through Constraint Satisfaction.
M2ICAL Analyses HC-Gammon.
Adaptive Localization in a Dynamic WiFi Environment through Multi-view Learning.
Fluxplayer: A Successful General Game Player.
Restart Schedules for Ensembles of Problem Instances.
Visualization and Adjustment of Evaluation Functions Based on Evaluation Values and Win Probability.
A Self-organizing Multi-agent System for Adaptive Continuous Unsupervised Learning in Complex Uncertain Environments.
Tactical Language and Culture Training Systems: Using Artificial Intelligence to Teach Foreign Languages and Cultures.
An Integrated Agent for Playing Real-Time Strategy Games.
Text Beautifier: An Affective-Text Tool to Tailor Written Text.
Computer-Aided Proofs of Arrow's and Other Impossibility Theorems.
Intelligence in Wikipedia.
On the Power of Top-Down Branching Heuristics.
Transferring Multi-device Localization Models using Latent Multi-task Learning.
Supporting Manual Mapping Revision using Logical Reasoning.
AnalogySpace: Reducing the Dimensionality of Common Sense Knowledge.
Conformant Planning Heuristics Based on Plan Reuse in Belief States.
Coalition Structure Generation: Dynamic Programming Meets Anytime Optimization.
Semi-supervised Classification Using Local and Global Regularization.
Data-Driven Programming and Behavior for Autonomous Virtual Characters.
Proactive Intrusion Detection.
In-the-Dark Network Traffic Classification Using Support Vector Machines.
Optimal Metric Planning with State Sets in Automata Representation.
On the Dimensionality of Voting Games.
A Fast Data Collection and Augmentation Procedure for Object Recognition.
Local Search for Optimal Global Map Generation Using Mid-Decadal Landsat Images.
Concept-Based Feature Generation and Selection for Information Retrieval.
Error Classification in Action Descriptions: A Heuristic Approach.
Computing Reserve Prices and Identifying the Value Distribution in Real-world Auctions with Market Disruptions.
Computing Observation Vectors for Max-Fault Min-Cardinality Diagnoses.
On-Line Case-Based Plan Adaptation for Real-Time Strategy Games.
How Good is Almost Perfect?.
Chatting Activity Recognition in Social Occasions Using Factorial Conditional Random Fields with Iterative Classification.
Loop Formulas for Logic Programs with Arbitrary Constraint Atoms.
Using a Geometric-Based Sketch Recognition Approach to Sketch Chinese Radicals.
Partially Synchronized DEC-MDPs in Dynamic Mechanism Design.
Speech-enabled Card Games for Language Learners.
Computational Influence for Training and Entertainment.
Efficient Metadeliberation Auctions.
Managing Quality of Service with Soft Constraints.
Online Learning in Monkeys.
Distributed Reasoning with Conflicts in a Multi-Context Framework.
Querying Sequential and Concurrent Horn Transaction Logic Programs Using Tabling Techniques.
A Utility-Theoretic Approach to Privacy and Personalization.
H-DPOP: Using Hard Constraints for Search Space Pruning in DCOP.
Discover Relevant Environment Feature Using Concurrent Reinforcement Learning.
Landmarks Revisited.
Importance of Semantic Representation: Dataless Classification.
Learning to Connect Language and Perception.
Bayesian Coalitional Games.
Virtual Arc Consistency for Weighted CSP.
The Benefits of an Ontological Patient Model in Clinical Decision-Support.
Achieving Far Transfer in an Integrated Cognitive Architecture.
Single Document Keyphrase Extraction Using Neighborhood Knowledge.
The Benefits of an Ontological Patient Model in Clinical Decision-Support.
An Integrated Reasoning Approach to Moral Decision-Making.
Generating Application-Specific Benchmark Models for Complex Systems.
Minimizing the Spread of Contamination by Blocking Links in a Network.
Game Theory Pragmatics: A Challenge for AI.
On-line Planning and Scheduling: An Application to Controlling Modular Printers.
Lifted First-Order Belief Propagation.
Focusing Generalizations of Belief Propagation on Targeted Queries.
Crops Selection for Optimal Soil Planning using Multiobjective Evolutionary Algorithms.
Planning for Human-Robot Interaction Using Time-State Aggregated POMDPs.
Automatic Extraction of Data Points and Text Blocks from 2-Dimensional Plots in Digital Documents.
Online Learning with Expert Advice and Finite-Horizon Constraints.
Anticipatory Perceptual Simulation for Human-Robot Joint Practice: Theory and Application Study.
A Theory of Expressiveness in Mechanisms.
On the Enactability of Business Protocols.
Magic Sets for Data Integration.
A New Clause Learning Scheme for Efficient Unsatisfiability Proofs.
An Effective and Robust Method for Short Text Classification.
From Qualitative to Quantitative Proofs of Security Properties Using First-Order Conditional Logic.
A Case Study on the Critical Role of Geometric Regularity in Machine Learning.
Extending the Knowledge Compilation Map: Krom, Horn, Affine and Beyond.
Minimal Contraction of Preference Relations.
Credulous Resolution for Answer Set Programming.
IMT: A Mixed-Initiative Data Mapping and Search Toolkit.
An Analysis of Transformational Analogy: General Framework and Complexity.
Generating Plans in Concurrent, Probabilistic, Over-Subscribed Domains.
Determining Possible and Necessary Winners under Common Voting Rules Given Partial Orders.
Automating To-Do Lists for Users: Interpretation of To-Dos for Selecting and Tasking Agents.
R* Search.
Linking Social Networks on the Web with FOAF: A Semantic Web Case Study.
Perpetual Learning for Non-Cooperative Multiple Agents.
Generalized Point Based Value Iteration for Interactive POMDPs.
Predicting Appropriate Semantic Web Terms from Words.
Backdoor Trees.
The PELA Architecture: Integrating Planning and Learning to Improve Execution.
Factored Models for Probabilistic Modal Logic.
Pervasive Diagnosis: The Integration of Diagnostic Goals into Production Plans.
Bounding the False Discovery Rate in Local Bayesian Network Learning.
Integrative Construction and Analysis of Condition-specific Biological Networks.
Tightly Coupled Cooperation among Independent Agents.
Real-time Alert Correlation Using Stream Data Mining Techniques.
On the Progression of Situation Calculus Basic Action Theories: Resolving a 10-year-old Conjecture.
Abductive Logic Programming by Nonground Rewrite Systems.
Value-Based Policy Teaching with Active Indirect Elicitation.
Personalisation of Telecommunications Services as Combinatorial Optimisation.
Finding Ontological Correspondences for a Domain-Independent Natural Language Dialog Agent.
NP-Completeness of Outcome Optimization for Partial CP-Nets.
Using Signals of Human Interest to Enhance Single-document Summarization.
Bidding Strategies for Realistic Multi-Unit Sealed-Bid Auctions.
Learning Generalized Plans Using Abstract Counting.
Generating Hard SAT/CSP Instances Using Expander Graphs.
Multiagent Graph Coloring: Pareto Efficiency, Fairness and Individual Rationality.
Adaptive Treatment of Epilepsy via Batch-mode Reinforcement Learning.
Voting on Multiattribute Domains with Cyclic Preferential Dependencies.
Improving a Plan Library for Real-time Systems Using Nearly Orthogonal Latin Hypercube Sampling.
Transfer Learning via Dimensionality Reduction.
Horn Complements: Towards Horn-to-Horn Belief Revision.
Transferring Localization Models across Space.
Argument Theory Change Applied to Defeasible Logic Programming.
HTN-MAKER: Learning HTNs with Minimal Additional Knowledge Engineering Required.
Clustering on Complex Graphs.
Mathematical Modeling and Convergence Analysis of Trail Formation.
Discourse Topic and Gestural Form.
Ensemble Forecasting for Disease Outbreak Detection.
Symbolic Heuristic Search Value Iteration for Factored POMDPs.
Make3D: Depth Perception from a Single Still Image.
A Scalable Jointree Algorithm for Diagnosability.
Towards Synthesizing Optimal Coordination Modules for Distributed Agents.
Cross-lingual Propagation for Morphological Analysis.
Grounding with Bounds.
Diagnosing Faults in Electrical Power Systems of Spacecraft and Aircraft.
Finding State Similarities for Faster Planning.
Neural Network based Constraint Satisfaction in Ontology Mapping.
Loop Calculus for Satisfiability.
A Demonstration of the RADAR Personal Assistant.
Piecewise Linear Dynamic Programming for Constrained POMDPs.
A Hybrid Approach to Domino Portrait Generation.
Limits and Possibilities of BDDs in State Space Search.
What Is Answer Set Programming?.
Towards Automatic Animated Storyboarding.
Sparse Projections over Graph.
Hidden Dynamic Probabilistic Models for Labeling Sequence Data.
Examining Difficulties Software Developers Encounter in the Adoption of Statistical Machine Learning.
Trace Ratio Criterion for Feature Selection.
Fast Spectral Learning using Lanczos Eigenspace Projections.
A Vehicle Routing System to Solve a Periodic Vehicle Routing Problem for a Food Chain in Hong Kong.
Autonomous Robot Skill Acquisition.
An Architecture and Formalism for Handling Modular Ontologies.
A Variance Analysis for POMDP Policy Evaluation.
Knowledge-Based Spatial Reasoning for Scene Generation from Text Descriptions.
Incorporating Mental Simulation for a More Effective Robotic Teammate.
Unstructured Audio Classification for Environment Recognition.
Decompositions of Grammar Constraints.
A New Incomplete Method for CSP Inconsistency Checking.
Spatial Scaffolding for Sociable Robot Learning.
Distinguishing between Sketched Scribble Look Alikes.
Dynamic Distributed Constraint Reasoning.
Learning Grasp Strategies with Partial Shape Information.
Anytime Local Search for Distributed Constraint Optimization.
Non-monotonic Temporal Logics that Facilitate Elaboration Tolerant Revision of Goals.
Multimodal People Detection and Tracking in Crowded Scenes.
Efficient Optimization of Information-Theoretic Exploration in SLAM.
Yoopick: A Combinatorial Sports Prediction Market.
Revising Imprecise Probabilistic Beliefs in the Framework of Probabilistic Logic Programming.
Towards Answer Set Prolog Based Architectures for Intelligent Agents.
Constraint Projections for Ensemble Learning.
Potential-based Shaping in Model-based Reinforcement Learning.
Constrained Classification on Structured Data.
Measuring the Hardness of SAT Instances.
Interaction Structure and Dimensionality Reduction in Decentralized MDPs.
Probabilistic Planning via Determinization in Hindsight.
Efficient Haplotype Inference with Answer Set Programming.
Using Reasoning Patterns to Simplify Games.
Fusing Procedural and Declarative Planning Goals for Nondeterministic Domains.
Application of Artificial Intelligence to Operational Real-Time Clear-Air Turbulence Prediction.
Reasoning about the Appropriateness of Proponents for Arguments.
A Neuro-Fuzzy Strategy for Web Personalization.
Partitioned External-Memory Value Iteration.
Hybrid Constraint Tightening for Solving Hybrid Scheduling Problems.
Adaptive Management of Air Traffic Flow: A Multiagent Coordination Approach.
ARMOR Security for Los Angeles International Airport.
Strategyproof Classification under Constant Hypotheses: A Tale of Two Functions.
Multi-View Local Learning.
Expectation-Based Versus Potential-Aware Automated Abstraction in Imperfect Information Games: An Experimental Comparison Using Poker.
Learning to Analyze Binary Computer Code.
Artificial Intelligence Needs Open-Access Knowledgebase Contents.
Optimal False-Name-Proof Voting Rules with Costly Voting.
Learning to Identify Reduced Passive Verb Phrases with a Shallow Parser.
Minimizing Disk I/O in Two-Bit Breadth-First Search.
Using Answer Set Programming and Lambda Calculus to Characterize Natural Language Sentences with Normatives and Exceptions.
Structure Learning on Large Scale Common Sense Statistical Models of Human State.
Efficient Context-Free Grammar Constraints.
Extracting Relevant Snippets for Web Navigation.
Memetic Networks: Analyzing the Effects of Network Properties in Multi-Agent Performance.
Social Interaction under Uncertainty in Multi Agent Systems.
Reducing Particle Filtering Complexity for 3D Motion Capture using Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
Question Utility: A Novel Static Ranking of Question Search.
Personalized Reasoner Based on Belief Strengths of Information Sources.
Within-problem Learning for Efficient Lower Bound Computation in Max-SAT Solving.
Manifold Integration with Markov Random Walks.
Physical Search Problems Applying Economic Search Models.
Semi-Supervised Learning for Blog Classification.
A Meta-Programming Technique for Debugging Answer-Set Programs.
Learning Hidden Curved Exponential Family Models to Infer Face-to-Face Interaction Networks from Situated Speech Data.
Integrating Multiple Learning Components through Markov Logic.
Economic Hierarchical Q-Learning.
Mining Translations of Web Queries from Web Click-through Data.
Turning Web Text and Search Queries into Factual Knowledge: Hierarchical Class Attribute Extraction.
COACH - Cumulative Online Algorithm for Classification of Handwriting Deficiencies.
Approximability of Manipulating Elections.
Towards Faster Planning with Continuous Resources in Stochastic Domains.
Efficient Learning of Action Schemas and Web-Service Descriptions.
Learning and Inference with Constraints.
Terminological Reasoning in SHIQ with Ordered Binary Decision Diagrams.
Planning with Problems Requiring Temporal Coordination.
Adaptive Control for Autonomous Underwater Vehicles.
Combining Global Relevance Information with Local Contextual Clues for Event-Oriented Information Extraction.
Abduction with Bounded Treewidth: From Theoretical Tractability to Practically Efficient Computation.
Prime Implicate Normal Form for ALC Concepts.
Route Planning under Uncertainty: The Canadian Traveller Problem.
Hierarchical Voting Experts: An Unsupervised Algorithm for Segmenting Hierarchically Structured Sequences.
GLADDER: Combining Gesture and Geometric Sketch Recognition.
Hyperequivalence of Logic Programs with Respect to Supported Models.
Adaptive Abstraction of Constraint-Based Models for Self-Diagnosis and Planning.
Efficiently Exploiting Dependencies in Local Search for SAT.
CogSketch.
Resource Constrained Distributed Constraint Optimization with Virtual Variables.
The Law of Choice and the Decision Not to Decide.
Text Categorization with Knowledge Transfer from Heterogeneous Data Sources.
Sketch Recognition Based on Manifold Learning.
Optimal Scheduling of Contract Algorithms with Soft Deadlines.
Dormant Independence.
The Re-Representation Problem in a Logic-Based Framework for Analogy Making.
Beyond Classical Planning: Procedural Control Knowledge and Preferences in State-of-the-Art Planners.
An Efficient Motion Planning Algorithm for Stochastic Dynamic Systems with Constraints on Probability of Failure.
Reasoning about Large Taxonomies of Actions.
Markov Blanket Feature Selection for Support Vector Machines.
Intelligent Email: Aiding Users with AI.
Lifted Probabilistic Inference with Counting Formulas.
Finding Cars, Goddesses and Enzymes: Parametrizable Acquisition of Labeled Instances for Open-Domain Information Extraction.
PBA*: Using Proactive Search to Make A* Robust to Unplanned Deviations.
Zero-data Learning of New Tasks.
Coordination and Multi-Tasking Using EMT.
Unknown Rewards in Finite-Horizon Domains.
Bimodal Spatial Reasoning with Continuous Motion.
Efficient Querying Relaxed Dominant Relationship between Product Items Based on Rank Aggregation.
Reinforcement Learning for Vulnerability Assessment in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Prediction and Change Detection in Sequential Data for Interactive Applications.
User Identification by Means of Sketched Stroke Features.
Human-Robot Collaboration for Remote Surveillance.
Efficient Memoization for Dynamic Programming with Ad-Hoc Constraints.
Simulation-Based Approach to General Game Playing.
Protein Structure Prediction on the Face Centered Cubic Lattice by Local Search.
Exposing Parameters of a Trained Dynamic Model for Interactive Music Creation.
Prometheus Design Tool.
On Range of Skill.
Query-URL Bipartite Based Approach to Personalized Query Recommendation.
Many-Pairs Mutual Information for Adding Structure to Belief Propagation Approximations.
Video Activity Recognition in the Real World.
An Expressive Auction Design for Online Display Advertising.
Dimension Amnesic Pyramid Match Kernel.
Accuracy of Admissible Heuristic Functions in Selected Planning Domains.
Relaxed Survey Propagation: A Sum-Product Algorithm for Max-SAT.
Transferring Localization Models over Time.
A Semantic Approach for Iterated Revision in Possibilistic Logic.
A First-Order Theory of Stanislavskian Scene Analysis.
Decoding Wikipedia Categories for Knowledge Acquisition.
An Extended Interpreted System Model for Epistemic Logics.
Multi-HDP: A Non Parametric Bayesian Model for Tensor Factorization.
Multi-Label Dimensionality Reduction via Dependence Maximization.
A Formalization of Program Debugging in the Situation Calculus.
The Relational Push-Pull Model: A Generative Model for Relational Data Clustering.
A Case Study of AI Application on Language Instruction: CSIEC.
Hierarchical Location and Topic Based Query Expansion.
A User-Oriented Webpage Ranking Algorithm Based on User Attention Time.
Breaking Value Symmetry.
Metalevel Information in Ontology-Based Applications.
Eliminating False Positives during Corner Finding by Merging Similar Segments.
Optimal Testing of Structured Knowledge.
On the Decidability of Role Mappings between Modular Ontologies.
Parallel Belief Revision.
New Compilation Languages Based on Structured Decomposability.
The Swarm Application Framework.
Learning to Improve Earth Observation Flight Planning.
Clustering via Random Walk Hitting Time on Directed Graphs.
The Parameterized Complexity of Global Constraints.
Bayes-Relational Learning of Opponent Models from Incomplete Information in No-Limit Poker.
The Validity of Providing Automated Hints in an ITS Using a MDP.
Phase Transitions and Complexity of Weighted Satisfiability and Other Intractable Parameterized Problems.
Agent Organized Networks Redux.
Existentially Quantified Values for Queries and Updates of Facts in Transaction Logic Programs.
Unsupervised Categorization (Filtering) of Google Images Based on Visual Consistency.
Clause Learning Can Effectively P-Simulate General Propositional Resolution.
A Bayesian Kernel Logistic Discriminant Model: An Improvement to the Kernel Fisher's Discriminant.
Achieving Cooperation in a Minimally Constrained Environment.
Maximum Entropy Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
POIROT - Integrated Learning of Web Service Procedures.
Enabling the Interoperability of Large-Scale Legacy Systems.
Agent Coordination with Regret Clearing.
RADAR: A Personal Assistant that Learns to Reduce Email Overload.
The Hidden Permutation Model and Location-Based Activity Recognition.
Knowledge-based extraction of named entities.
Expertise identification using email communications.
Grand challenges for information management.
Mining officially unrecognized side effects of drugs by combining web search and machine learning.
Securing XML data in third-party distribution systems.
Incremental test collections.
Misuse detection for information retrieval systems.
Locking Objects and Classes in Multiversion Object-Oriented Databases.
Xmas: An Extensible Main-Memory Storage System.
Personal Ontologies for Web Navigation.
Mining Fuzzy Association Rules.
Experiments on Multi-Strategy Learning by Meta-Learning.
A new cache replacement algorithm for the integration of web caching and prefectching.
A Spatial Match Representation Scheme for Indexing and Querying in Iconic Image Databases.
: adaptively monitoring the recent change of frequent itemsets over online data streams.
A geometric interpretation and analysis of R-precision.
Digital Libraries: Extending and Applying Library and Information Science and Technology.
A Terrain Database Representation Based on an Extended Vector Product Format.
On the Development of a site Selection Optimizer for Distributed and Parallel Database Systems.
A General Method for Spatial Reasoning in Spatial Databases.
Towards Maintaining Consistency of Spatial Databases.
Obsolescent Materialized Views in Query Processing of Enterprise Information Systems.
A unified model for metasearch, pooling, and system evaluation.
Mining Knowledge at Multiple Concept Levels.
Statistical transliteration for english-arabic cross language information retrieval.
Real Time User Context Modeling for Information Retrieval Agents.
Hierarchical graph indexing.
Processing Queries for First Few Answers.
Managing Trust in a Peer-2-Peer Information System.
Using titles and category names from editor-driven taxonomies for automatic evaluation.
Building XML statistics for the hidden web.
An Iterative Approach for Rules and Data Allocation in Distributed Deductive Database Systems.
Collection Oriented Match.
On Efficient Storage Space Distribution Among Materialized Views and Indices in Data Warehousing Environments.
A system for knowledge management in bioinformatics.
Models for Reader Interaction with Texts.
Bootstrapping for hierarchical document classification.
Redundant documents and search effectiveness.
Haystack: Per-User Information Environments.
SWAM: a family of access methods for similarity-search in peer-to-peer data networks.
Internet scale string attribute publish/subscribe data networks.
Approximate searches: k-neighbors + precision.
Answering aggregation queries on hierarchical web sites using adaptive sampling.
An Access Control Model for Video Database Systems.
Online Algorithms for Finding Profile Association Rules.
Enhanced Nested-Inherited Index for OODBMS.
On Disk Caching of Web Objects in Proxy Servers.
Using Speculation to Reduce Server Load and Service Time on the WWW.
Protein structure alignment using geometrical features.
Efficient Availability Mechanisms in Distributed Databases Systems.
Predicting accuracy of extracting information from unstructured text collections.
A New Approach to Knowledge Acquisition by Repertory Grids.
Mining all maximal frequent word sequences in a set of sentences.
HyperThesis: the gRNA spell on the curse of bioinformatics applications integration.
Modeling Behavior, A Step Towards Defining Functionally Correct Views of Complex Objects in Concurrent Engineering.
Multi-level operator combination in XML query processing.
COOLCAT: an entropy-based algorithm for categorical clustering.
Incorporating topical support documents into a small training set in text categorization.
Combining Multiple Classifiers for Text Categorization.
Query expansion using associated queries.
Semantics of an Extended Relational Model for Managing Uncertain Information.
Using specification-driven concepts for distributed data management and dissemination.
Theoretical Foundations of Schema Restructuring in Heterogeneous Multidatabase Systems.
Information Access in Implicit Culture Framework.
Queries in Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Predicting the Cost-Quality Trade-Off for Information Retrieval Queries: Facilitating Database Design and Query Optimization.
Closure Maintenance in An Object-Oriented Query Model.
Effects of web document evolution on genre classification.
Effective Arabic-English Cross-Language Information Retrieval via Machine-Readable Dictionaries and Machine Translation.
An Object-Oriented Database Application for HyTime Document Storage.
On arabic search: improving the retrieval effectiveness via a light stemming approach.
High Performance Clustering Based on the Similarity Join.
Flexible intrinsic evaluation of hierarchical clustering for TDT.
Structured Document Handling - A Case For Integrating Databases and Information Retrieval.
First Story Detection In TDT Is Hard.
Incremental Encoding of Multiple Inheritance Hierarchies.
Metadata and Data Structures for the Historical Newspaper Digital Library.
On The Relationship Between Description Logic and Predicate Logic.
Lessons from the implementation of an adaptive parts acquisition ePortal.
Improving document representations using relevance feedback: the RFA algorithm.
Model-guided information discovery for intelligence analysis.
Generating better concept hierarchies using automatic document classification.
Introducing Semantics in Conceptual Schema Reuse.
The AudioWeb.
Extending and inferring functional dependencies in schema transformation.
Logical and physical support for heterogeneous data.
Static score bucketing in inverted indexes.
Learning to summarise XML documents using content and structure.
The virGIS WFS-based spatial mediation system.
Advances in Phonetic Word Spotting.
Memory-Adaptive Scheduling for Large Query Execution.
A self-managing data cache for edge-of-network web applications.
Query Optimization Using An Improved Genetic Algorithm.
Multi-resolution disambiguation of term occurrences.
Matching and Indexing Sequences of Different Lengths.
Automatically Summarising Web Sites - Is There A Way Around It?
Topic-based document segmentation with probabilistic latent semantic analysis.
The Role of Domain Knowledge in Data Mining.
X007: Applying 007 Benchmark to XML Query Processing Tool.
A Dynamic Knowledge Based Approach to the Problem of Deduction in a Non-Statistical Multilevel Secure Database.
A Framework for Modeling Buffer Replacement Strategies.
On Implementing SchemaLog - A Database Programming Language.
Efficient query evaluation using a two-level retrieval process.
Key problems in integrating structured and unstructured information.
Towards Speech as a Knowledge Resource.
A Learning Approach to Processor Allocation in Parallel Systems.
Faciliating Knowledge Flow through the Enterprise.
Archiving Telemeetings.
Experimental Evaluation of Dynamic Data Allocation Strategies in A Distributed Database with Changing Workloads.
Hashing by Proximity to Process Duplicates in Spatial Databases.
Intelligent Caching: Selecting, Representing, and Reusing Data in an Information Server.
Inferring query models by computing information flow.
Generalized contextualization method for XML information retrieval.
iTopN: incremental extraction of the N most visible objects.
Using Star Clusters for Filtering.
A Data Dictionary as a Lexicon: An Application of Linguistics in Information Systems.
Static and Dynamic Information Organization with Star Clusters.
Semantic technology applications for homeland security.
Indexing time vs. query time: trade-offs in dynamic information retrieval systems.
Building Concept Hierarchies for Schema Integration in HDDBS Using Incremental Concept Formation.
A Declarative Formalization of Knowledge Translation.
Extracting Meaningful Labels for WEBSOM Text Archives.
Hierarchical document categorization with support vector machines.
An Interactive Image Management System for Face Information Retrieval.
Structural Proximity Searching for Large Collections of Semi-Structured Data.
A study of parameter tuning for term frequency normalization.
Block Addressing Indices for Approximate Text Retrieval.
Automatic Query Expansion Based on Divergence.
Query expansion using term relationships in language models for information retrieval.
Combining link-based and content-based methods for web document classification.
Multi-resolution modeling of large scale scientific simulation data.
Informia: A Mediator for Integrated Access to Heterogeneous Information Sources.
Discovery of Decision Rules in Relational Databases: A Rough Set Approach.
Addressing the lack of direct translation resources for cross-language retrieval.
Web-DL: an experience in building digital libraries from the web.
OSQR: overlapping clustering of query results.
F4: large-scale automated forecasting using fractals.
Searching web databases by structuring keyword-based queries.
Rapid Association Rule Mining.
The Characteristics of Digital Video and Considerations of Designing Video Databases.
The Semantic Matrix Model (SMM): A Knowledge Based Solution to Semantic Homogeneity in Multidatabases.
Performance and Implications of Semantic Indexing in a Distributed Environment.
Analytical Version Control Management in a Hypertext System.
Quantitative Evaluation of a Transaction Facility for a Knowledge Base Management System.
Facilitating Transformations in a Human Genome Project Database.
A Comparison of Regression, Neural Net, and Pattern Recognition Approaches to IR.
Normalizing Knowledge Objects.
Layered Index Structures in Document Database Systems.
Digital annotation of printed documents.
A Music Recommendation System Based on Music Data Grouping and User Interests.
Binary String Relations: A Foundation for Spatiotemporal Knowledge Representation.
Replication and retrieval strategies of multidimensional data on parallel disks.
Adaptive Query Optimization in a Deductive Database System.
On the efficient evaluation of relaxed queries in biological databases.
MASS: a multi-axis storage structure for large XML documents.
XKvalidator: a constraint validator for XML.
Using conjunction of attribute values for classification.
Statistical relationship determination in automatic thesaurus construction.
Translating Description Logics to Information Server Queries.
I/O-efficient techniques for computing pagerank.
Information Agents for Automated Browsing.
Local methods for estimating pagerank values.
Regularizing ad hoc retrieval scores.
An Optimal Graph Traversal Algorithm for Evaluating Linear Binary-Chain Programs.
Video Keyframe Extraction and Filtering: A Keyframe is not a Keyframe to Everyone.
ClusterMap: labeling clusters in large datasets via visualization.
Swoogle: a search and metadata engine for the semantic web.
Categorizing information objects from user access patterns.
Time weight collaborative filtering.
Learning Subjective Relevance to Facilitate Information Access.
Evaluating window joins over punctuated streams.
EXPedite: a system for encoded XML processing.
A Toggle Transaction Management Technique for Mobile Multidatabases.
Dynamic Generation of Data Broadcasting Programs for a Broadcast Disk Array.
Digital Information Retrieval.
Integrating Information from Multiple Independently Developed Data Sources.
Real-Time Transactions with Execution Histories: Priority Assignment and Load Control.
A practical system of keyphrase extraction for web pages.
Pharos: A Scalable Distributed Architecture for Locating Heterogeneous Information Sources.
An Optimized Implementation for VML Based on Pattern Matching and Dynamic Programming.
Practical evaluation of IR within automated classification systems.
A Distributed Multi-Agent System for Collaborative Information Management and Sharing.
A Query based Approach for Integrating Heterogeneous Data Sources.
An extended logic programming based multi-agent system formalization in mobile environments.
Distributed Knowledge Revision/Integration.
Learning Belief Networks from Data: An Information Theory Based Approach.
On Modeling and Controlling Intelligent Systems.
Auto-generation of topic hierarchies for web images from users' perspectives.
A Meta Model and an Infrastructure for the Non-Transparent Replication of Object Databases.
A Pattern Matching Language for Spatio-Temporal Databases.
Database support for species extraction from the biosystematics literature: a feasibility demonstration.
Object Identity and Dimension Alignment in Parametric Databases.
An Analysis of Cardinality Constraints in Redundant Relationships.
Requirement-Based Data Cube Schema Design.
An Analysis of the Structural Validity of Ternary Relatinships in Entity Relationship Modeling.
Word Segmentation and Recognition for Web Document Framework.
Inductive Learning Algorithms and Representations for Text Categorization.
A Model of Object Database Applications and its Use in Cost Estimation.
Handling Temporal Grouping and Pattern-Matching Queries in a Temporal Object Model.
MailRank: using ranking for spam detection.
Processing XPath queries with XML summaries.
Node ranking in labeled directed graphs.
The liberal media and right-wing conspiracies: using cocitation information to estimate political orientation in web documents.
Multi-Resolution Indexing for Shape Images.
Dimensionality Reduction and Similarity Computation by Inner Product Approximations.
Dynamic and Hierarchical Spatial Access Method using Integer Searching.
The Personal Electronic Program Guide - Towards the Pre-Selection of Individual TV Programs.
Estimating Nested Selectivity in Object-Oriented Databases.
Learning Bayesian Classification Rules through Genetic Algorithms.
Computing consistent query answers using conflict hypergraphs.
Locating Passages Using a Case-Based of Excerpts.
A mapping mechanism to support bitmap index and other auxiliary structures on tables stored as primary B±trees.
Alternative Representations and Abstractions for Moving Sensors Databases.
The verity federated infrastructure.
An Efficient and Reliable Reservation Algorithm for Mobile Transactions.
Operational requirements for scalable search systems.
Temporal Database Modeling: An Object-Oriented Approach.
Minipage Locking Support for Object-Oriented Page-Server DBMS.
Automatically classifying database workloads.
A practical web-based approach to generating topic hierarchy for text segments.
Retrieval from Captioned Image Databases Using Natural Language Processing.
Frequent pattern discovery with memory constraint.
Ontology-Based Extraction and Structuring of Information from Data-Rich Unstructured Documents.
Providing Semantics for Indefinite Deductive Databases.
A Multiple-Resolution Method for Edge-Centric Data Clustering.
On lossy time decompositions of time stamped documents.
Determining the semantic orientation of terms through gloss classification.
Topic-oriented collaborative crawling.
Future directions in data mining: streams, networks, self-similarity and power laws.
Mining gene expression datasets using density-based clustering.
Composable XML integration grammars.
A Contention Based Dynamic Consistency Maintenance Scheme for Client Cache.
A novel approach for privacy-preserving video sharing.
Thematic mapping - from unstructured documents to taxonomies.
FunBase: A Function-based Information Management System.
Attribute Weighting: A Method of Applying Domain Knowledge in the Decision Tree Process.
AuGEAS: authoritativeness grading, estimation, and sorting.
Intelligent agent for automated manufacturing rule generation.
Summarization of Discussion Groups.
Approximating the top-m passages in a parallel question answering system.
Automated Cataloging and Analysis of Sky Survey Image Databases: The SKICAT System.
A reliable storage management layer for distributed information retrieval systems.
Query processing of streamed XML data.
SERF: Schema Evalution through an Extensible, Re-usable and Flexible Framework.
A Domain Independent Environment for Creating Information Extraction Modules.
Interconnection semantics for keyword search in XML.
Automatic construction of multifaceted browsing interfaces.
Query expansion using random walk models.
A Visual Tool for Structuring and Modeling Organizational Memories.
Representation and Interpretation of Fuzzy Information.
Improved String Matching Under Noisy Channel Conditions.
Scalable ranking for preference queries.
Exploiting redundancy in sensor networks for energy efficient processing of spatiotemporal region queries.
Mining Inter-Transaction Associations with Templates.
Automatic Recognition of Distinguishing Negative Indirect History Language in Judicial Opinions.
Efficient Processing of Conical Queries.
Online duplicate document detection: signature reliability in a dynamic retrieval environment.
Clustering Declustered Data for Efficient Retrieval.
Detecting similar documents using salient terms.
Vector Approximation based Indexing for Non-uniform High Dimensional Data Sets.
On Isolation, Concurrency, and the Venus Rule Language.
Approximately Common Patterns in Shared-Forests.
Multiple Query Optimization with Depth-First Branch-and-Bound and Dynamic Query Ordering.
Querying Future Telecommunication Networks.
Web, Distributed Object Management, and Component Software (Panel).
The case for access control on XML relationships.
Termination Analysis of Active Rules Modular Sets.
KQML As An Agent Communication Language.
Representing interests as a hyperlinked document collection.
Semantic similarity over the gene ontology: family correlation and selecting disjunctive ancestors.
Efficient ordering for XML data.
Data Mining of Multi-dimensional Remotely Sensed Images.
Precision Locking Algorithm for Nested Transactions Systems.
A framework for selective query expansion.
Properties of Networked Information Retrieval with ALIBI.
Joint deduplication of multiple record types in relational data.
The Role of the Database Community in the National Information Infrastructure.
An evaluation of evolved term-weighting schemes in information retrieval.
Concept-based interactive query expansion.
Minimal document set retrieval.
Connecting topics in document collections with stepping stones and pathways.
Time-based language models.
Optimizing cursor movement in holistic twig joins.
Tempus Fugit: A System for Making Semantic Connections.
Integrity Constraints Representation in Object-Oriented Databases.
An Object-Oriented Approach to Multi-Level Association Rule Mining.
A design space approach to analysis of information retrieval adaptive filtering systems.
Exploiting A Controlled Vocabulary to Improve Collection Selection and Retrieval Effectiveness.
Applications of Approximate Word Matching in Information Retrieval.
A hybrid approach to NER by MEMM and manual rules.
On scalable information retrieval systems.
Framboise - An Approach to Framework-Based Active Database Management System Construction.
Assistant for an Information Database.
Reorganizing Web Sites Based on User Access Patterns.
Incremental stock time series data delivery and visualization.
Object-Oriented and Database Concepts for the Design of Networked Information Retrieval Systems.
Index compression vs. retrieval time of inverted files for XML documents.
Evaluating continuous nearest neighbor queries for streaming time series via pre-fetching.
Taxonomies by the numbers: building high-performance taxonomies.
A Corpus Analysis Approach for Automatic Query Expansion.
Motion adaptive indexing for moving continual queries over moving objects.
Adaptive load shedding for windowed stream joins.
Browsing Large Digital Library Collections Using Classification Hierarchies.
Collective multi-label classification.
Management of Disk Space with REBATE.
A Comparison of Alternative Continuous Display Techniques with Heterogeneous Multi-Zone Disks.
Learning a Monolingual Language Model from a Multilingual Text Database.
Mining the Web to Create Minority Language Corpora.
Speech user interfaces for information retrieval.
Searching the Web: Can You Find What You Want?
Visualization of Communication Patterns in Collaborative Innovation Networks - Analysis of Some W3C Working Groups.
Architecture of a Metasearch Engine That Supports User Information Needs.
Inferring hierarchical descriptions.
SVM Binary Classifier Ensembles for Image Classification.
Context Interchange: Overcoming the Challenges of Large-Scale Interoperable Database Systems in a Dynamic Environment.
On off-topic access detection in information systems.
Creating and Evaluating Multi-Document Sentence Extract Summaries.
Bootstrapping for Example-Based Data Extraction.
Framework and algorithms for trend analysis in massive temporal data sets.
Hybrid Pattern Recognition System Capable of Self-Modification.
Temporal Granularity for Unanchored Temporal Data.
Modeling Temporal Primitives: Back to Basics.
Experimenting with Temporal Relational Databases.
A Probabilistic Description-Oriented Approach for Categorizing Web Documents.
PowerDB-IR - Information Retrieval on Top of a Database Cluster.
XMLTM: efficient transaction management for XML documents.
Discovering approximate keys in XML data.
Inferring document similarity from hyperlinks.
Categorizing web queries according to geographical locality.
Application of Knowledge Base Design Techniques to Genetic Markers.
Optimal Unification of Bounded Simple Set Terms.
On the complexity of computing peer agreements for consistent query answering in peer-to-peer data integration systems.
The role of variance in term weighting for probabilistic information retrieval.
Consistent query answering under key and exclusion dependencies: algorithms and experiments.
An Object-Oriented Model for Image Information Representation.
Intelligent creation of notification events in information systems: concept, implementation and evaluation.
Efficient data dissemination using locale covers.
Distributed Constraint Management for Collaborative Engineering Databases.
Analogical Reasoning for Knowledge Discovery in a Molecular Biology Database.
Exposing the Vagueness of Query Results on Partly Inaccessible Databases.
Error Propagation in Distributed Databases.
Knowledge Mining from Textual Sources.
Exact match search in sequence data using suffix trees.
Infomod: A Knowledge-Based Moderator for Electronic Mail Help Lists.
Decentralized coordination of transactional processes in peer-to-peer environments.
Value Propagation in Object-Oriented Database Part Hierarchies.
Integrating a Part Relationship Into an Open OODB System Using Metaclasses.
Data Replication for External Searching in Static Tree Structures.
Alternatives to the k-means algorithm that find better clusterings.
Scheduling and Mapping for Parallel Execution of Extended SQL Queries.
Fast Supervised Dimensionality Reduction Algorithm with Applications to Document Categorization & Retrieval.
Feature-based recommendation system.
Intelligent metasearch engine for knowledge management.
LogicBase: A Deductive Database System Prototype.
Background for Association Rules and Cost Estimate of Selected Mining Algorithms.
Using navigation Data to Improve IR functions in the Context of Web Search.
Cooperative caching by mobile clients in push-based information systems.
Dynamic Skew Handling in Parallel Mining of Association Rules.
Order checking in a CPOE using event analyzer.
Event analyzer: a tool for sequential data processing.
Active Rules in Deductive Databases.
The semantic web: managing knowledge for planet earth.
Organizing structured web sources by query schemas: a clustering approach.
Compact reachability labeling for graph-structured data.
Representation of Medical Guidelines on Top of a Classification-Based System.
Adaptive Transaction Scheduling.
Quasi-Dynamic Two-Phase Locking.
Adapting a Spatial Access Structure for Document Representations in Vector Space.
The Update of Index Structures in Object-Oriented DBMS.
How Foreign Function Integration Conquers Heterogeneous Query Processing.
SyynX solutions: practical knowledge management in a medical environment.
Parallel Execution of Integrity Constraint Checks.
From bits and bytes to information and knowledge.
SQL text parsing for information retrieval.
Efficient Mining of Association Rules in Text Databases.
Learning Fuzzy Knowledge from Training Examples.
Indexing text data under space constraints.
Continual Computation Policies for Utility-Directed Prefetching.
An Optimal Construction of Invalidation Reports for Mobile Databases.
Statistical Inference of Unknown Attribute Values in Databases.
Integrating DCT and DWT for approximating cube streams.
Efficient Repeating Pattern Finding in Music Databases.
The effectiveness study of various music information retrieval approaches.
Reformulating Query Plans for Multidatabase Systems.
Classification Algorithms for NETNEWS Articles.
A Near Optimal Algorithm for Generating Broadcast Programs on Multiple Channels.
Indexing Techniques for Wireless Data Broadcast Under Data Clustering and Scheduling.
Mining undiscovered public knowledge from complementary and non-interactive biomedical literature through semantic pruning.
Comparison of interestingness functions for learning web usage patterns.
Exploring group mobility for replica data allocation in a mobile environment.
Effective Graph Clustering for Path Queries in Digital Map Databases.
A new permutation approach for distributed association rule mining.
Compression schemes for differential categorical stream clustering.
Binary Interpolation Search for Solution Mapping on Broadcast and On-demand Channels in a Mobile Computing Environment.
Learning to Extract Information From Text Based on User-Provided Examples.
Notes Explorer: Entity-Based Retrieval in Shared, Semi-Structured Information Spaces.
The Index Suggestion Problem for Object Database Applications.
Concurrency Control in Federated Databases: A Dynamic Approach.
Computation of Partial Query Results Using An Adaptive Stratified Sampling Technique.
Industrial evaluation of a highly-accurate academic IR system.
Emerging data management systems: close-up and personal.
Boosting for Document Routing.
Information Extraction from Case Low and Retrieval of Prior Cases by Partial Parsing and Query Generation.
Focusing Search in Hierarchical Structures with Directory Sets.
A Framework for the Management of Past Experiences with Time-Extended Situations.
Flexible List Management in a Directory.
Group Formation Mechanisms for Transactions in ISIS.
An object-oriented extension of XML for autonomous web applications.
Towards a Visual Query Interface for Phylogenetic Databases.
An Effective Mechanism for Index Update in Structured Documents.
Parallelizing the buckshot algorithm for efficient document clustering.
Finding similar questions in large question and answer archives.
A Database Disk Buffer Management Algorithm Based on Prefetching.
Induction of Integrated View for XML Data with Heterogeneous DTDs.
Queueing analysis of relational operators for continuous data streams.
Re-Evaluating Indexing Schemes for Nested Objects.
Accurately extracting coherent relevant passages using hidden Markov models.
Retrieving answers from frequently asked questions pages on the web.
Dynamically maintaining frequent items over a data stream.
Collaborative filtering with decoupled models for preferences and ratings.
Hierarchical Optimization of Optimal Path Finding for Transportation Applications.
Localized signature table: fast similarity search on transaction data.
Linguistic Instruments and Qualitative Reasoning for Schema Integration.
Extending Complex Ad-Hoc OLAP.
Retrieving Descriptive Phrases from Large Amounts of Free Text.
Keeping Found Things Found on the Web.
View Materialization Techniques for Complex Hierarchical Objects.
Incorporating Association Pattern and Operation Specification in ODMG's OQL.
SERF: integrating human recommendations with search.
Kalchas: a dynamic XML search engine.
A local search mechanism for peer-to-peer networks.
Fast Retrieval of Cursive Handwriting.
On Packing R-trees.
Web-centric language models.
Structured queries in XML retrieval.
Fast webpage classification using URL features.
A Method of Geographical Name Extraction from Japanese Text for Thematic Geographical Search.
Indexing Inheritance and Aggregation.
Establishing value mappings using statistical models and user feedback.
Regularizing translation models for better automatic image annotation.
Indexing field values in field oriented systems: interval Quadtree.
Entropy-based link analysis for mining web informative structures.
Updates and View Maintenance in Soft Real-Time Database Systems.
User assisted text classification and knowledge management.
A Storage System for Scalable Knowledge Representation.
Genetic Algorithms for Modelling, Design, and Process Control.
Evaluation of Item-Based Top-N Recommendation Algorithms.
Semantics-Based Information Brokering.
XEL: Extended Ephemeral Logging for Log Storage Management.
Inductive Dependencies and Approximate Databases.
Features of documents relevant to task- and fact-oriented questions.
Model-driven Hypermedia Access to Weather Information.
Automated index management for distributed web search.
Effective Nearest Neighbor Indexing with the Euclidean Metric.
A New Parallel Signature File Method for Efficient Information Retrieval.
A Practical Approach to Static Analysis and Execution of Rules in Active Databases.
Sibling Clustering of Tree-Based Spatial Indexes for Efficient Spatial Query Processing.
A Semi-Supervised Document Clustering Technique for Information Organization.
O-PreH: Optimistic Transaction Processing Algorithm based on Pre-Reordering in Hybrid Broadcast Environments.
PALKA: A System for Lexical Knowledge Acquisition.
Spatial Match Representation Scheme Supporting Ranking in Iconic Images Databases.
Partial rollback in object-oriented/object-relational database management systems.
Functionality and Architecture of a Cooperative Database System: A Vision.
Finding Interesting Rules from Large Sets of Discovered Association Rules.
Processing search queries in a distributed environment.
Using Consistency-driven Pairwise Comparisons in Knowledge-based Systems.
Summarization as Feature Selection for Text Categorization.
Query workload-aware overlay construction using histograms.
Leveraging collective knowledge.
Stemming and lemmatization in the clustering of finnish text documents.
Space Efficient Bitmap Indexing.
The Time Index+: An Incremental Access Structure for Temporal Databases.
Consortium: A Framework for Transaction Collaborative Environments.
Y!Q: contextual search at the point of inspiration.
Efficient and effective server-sided distributed clustering.
Towards smarter documents.
A Clustering Algorithm for Asymmetrically Related Data with Applications to Text Mining.
DEADLINER: Building a New Niche Search Engine.
Web opinion poll: extracting people's view by impression mining from the web.
On semantic matching of multilingual attributes in relational systems.
Biasing web search results for topic familiarity.
Query Expansion Using Domain Adapted, Weighted Thesaurus in an Extended Boolean Model.
A Semantics Approach for KQML - A General Purpose Communication Language for Software Agents.
Yahoo! As an Ontology: Using Yahoo! Categories to Describe Documents.
Automatic identification of best entry points for focused structured document retrieval.
Learning to Extract Hierarchical Information from Semi-structured Documents.
Efficient synchronization for mobile XML data.
Application of a Symbolico-Connectionist Approach for the Design of a Highly Interactive Documentary Database Interrogation System with On-Line Learning Capabilities.
Rule-Assisted Prefetching in Web-Server Caching.
Adaptive Information Filtering: Detecting Changes in Text Streams.
Collection Selection and Results Merging with Topically Organized U.S. Patents and TREC Data.
On the estimation of frequent itemsets for data streams: theory and experiments.
Distributional term representations: an experimental comparison.
Language Models for Financial News Recommendation.
Indexing and Retrieval of Scientific Literature.
Persistence of information on the web: Analyzing citations contained in research articles.
A Self-Organized File Cabinet.
An Automated Approach for Retrieving Hierarchical Data from HTML Tables.
SemQL: A Semantic Query Language for Multidatabase Systems.
Page Access Scheduling in Join Processing.
Reducing Match Time Variance in Production Systems with HAL.
Query Optimization and Processing in Federated Database Systems.
Semantic Caching via Query Matching for Web Sources.
A Hierarchical Approach to the Automatic Categorization of Medical Documents.
Efficient evaluation of multiple queries on streaming XML data.
Training a Selection Function for Extraction.
Information Integration with Attributio Support for Corporate Profiles.
Question answering from the web using knowledge annotation and knowledge mining techniques.
An evaluation of the incorporation of a semantic network into a multidimensional retrieval engine.
Processing OODB Queries by O-Algebra.
A Uniform Approach to Global Concurrency Control and Recovery in Multidatabase Environment.
Using a Sequential Index in Terrain-Aided Navigation.
A New Conflict Relation for Concurrency Control and Recovery in object-based Databases.
Indexing Values of Time Sequences.
A Hypothesis Refinement Method for Summary Discovery in Databases.
Handling frequent updates of moving objects.
Using Path Information for Query Processing in Object-Oriented Database Systems.
ZBroker: A Query Routing Broker for Z39.50 Databases.
Sliding-Window Filtering: An Efficient Algorithm for Incremental Mining.
Unsupervised question answering data acquisition from local corpora.
Incremental Maintenance for Dynamic Database-Derived HTML Pages in Digital Libraries.
Design and Evaluation Rules for Building Adaptive Schema in an Object-Oriented Data and Knowledge Base System.
Using relevance feedback to detect misuse for information retrieval systems.
Commit-Reordering Validation Scheme for Transaction Scheduling in Client-Server Based Teleputing Systems: COREV.
Passage retrieval based on language models.
NeT & CoT: translating relational schemas to XML schemas using semantic constraints.
Finding experts in community-based question-answering services.
Distributed Processing of Time-Constrained Queries in CASE-DB.
Batch data warehouse maintenance in dynamic environments.
Intelligent knowledge discovery in peer-to-peer file sharing.
A singer identification technique for content-based classification of MP3 music objects.
Spatial Query Processing Using Object Decomposition Method.
Modeling a Vocabulary in an Object-Oriented Database.
An Information Model for Human Genome Map Representation and Assembly.
Database selection in intranet mediators for natural language queries.
A Market-based Resource Management and QoS Support Framework for Distributed Multimedia Systems.
Discovery of Similarity Computations of Search Engines.
Efficient Incremental View Maintenance in Data Warehouses.
Performance Evaluation of G-tree and Its Application in Fuzzy Databases.
Experimental Evaluation of PFS Continuous Media File System.
The Distributed Interoperable Object Model and Its Application to Large-scale Interoperable Database Systems.
Computer Image Retrieval by Features: Selecting the Best Facial Features for Suspect Identification Systems.
WebCQ: Detecting and Delivering Information Changes on the Web.
XClust: clustering XML schemas for effective integration.
Algebraic Equivalences Among Nested Relational Expressions.
The EGG/YOLK Reliability Hierarchy : Semantic Data Integration Using Sorts with Prototypes.
Restructuring batch view maintenance efficiently.
CROSS-DB: A Feature-Extended Multidimensional Data Model for Statistical and Scientific Databases.
Content-Based Retrieval of MP3 Music Objects.
Detecting changes on unordered XML documents using relational databases: a schema-conscious approach.
A Framework for Global Optimization of Aggregate Queries.
Data Broadcasting Strategies over Multiple Unreliable Wireless Channels.
Maintaining Views in Object-relational Databases.
Fast on-line index construction by geometric partitioning.
Clustering Through Decision Tree Construction.
Relevance and Reinforcement in Interactive Browsing.
Extracting a website's content structure from its link structure.
Evaluating Document Clustering for Interactive Information Retrieval.
Rule-based data quality.
Text document clustering based on frequent word sequences.
Boosting to correct inductive bias in text classification.
Novelty detection based on sentence level patterns.
Personalized web search by mapping user queries to categories.
A new approach to intranet search based on information extraction.
Discovering the representative of a search engine.
Structural Join Index Driven Complex Object Retrieval: Mechanisms and Selection.
Efficient prediction of web accesses on a proxy server.
Constructing Information Systems Based on Schema Reuse.
Pruning long documents for distributed information retrieval.
Mining community structure of named entities from free text.
Word sense disambiguation in queries.
QED: a novel quaternary encoding to completely avoid re-labeling in XML updates.
Discovering the Representative of a Search Engine.
On reducing redundancy and improving efficiency of XML labeling schemes.
Content-based retrieval in hybrid peer-to-peer networks.
Semi-supervised learning for music artists style identification.
Relational computation for mining association rules from XML data.
On combining multiple clusterings.
Efficient processing of XML twig patterns with parent child edges: a look-ahead approach.
Dynamic Retrieval of Remote Digital Objects.
Learning similarity measures in non-orthogonal space.
Using micro information units for internet search.
Triple-Node Hierarchies for Object-Oriented Database Indexing.
PERF Join: An Alternative to Two-way Semijoin and Bloomjoin.
Efficient Global Probabilistic Deduction from Taxonomic and Probabilistic Knowledge-Bases over Conjunctive Events.
A Data Model for Supporting On-Line Analytical Processing.
Improving Relevance Feedback in the Vector Space Model.
Text Classification Using ESC-based Stochastic Decision Lists.
Index Interpolation: An Approach to Subsequence Matching Supporting Normalization Transform in Time-Series Databases.
MALM: A Framework for Mining Sequence Database at Multiple Abstraction Levels.
Applying cosine series to join size estimation.
An Information Model for Use in Software Management Estimation and Prediction.
Analysis of pre-computed partition top method for range top-k queries in OLAP data cubes.
Efficient multi-way text categorization via generalized discriminant analysis.
Situation-aware risk management in autonomous agents.
Localized routing trees for query processing in sensor networks.
Automatically Extracting Structure and Data from Business Reports.
Information Synthesis in Statistical Databases.
The link prediction problem for social networks.
Taxonomic and Uncertain Integrity Constraints in Object-Oriented Databases - the TOP Approach.
A Distributed, Graphical, Topic-Oriented Document Search System.
Typed functional query languages with equational specifications.
A Horizontal Fragmentation Algorithm for the Fact Relation in a Distributed Data Warehouse.
QFilter: fine-grained run-time XML access control via NFA-based query rewriting.
A Comparative Study of Log-Only and In-Place Update Based Temporal Object Database Systems.
Image similarity search with compact data structures.
Learning Probabilistic Datalog Rules for Information Classification and Transformation.
A multi-system analysis of document and term selection for blind feedback.
Information retrieval and machine learning for probabilistic schema matching.
Extracting unstructured data from template generated web documents.
An Intelligent Agent for High-Precision Text Filtering.
RStar: an RDF storage and query system for enterprise resource management.
Evaluating Triggers Using Decision Trees.
A framework for refining similarity queries using learning techniques.
Ontologies for semantically interoperable systems.
Adding numbers to text classification.
XML parsing: a threat to database performance.
Towards Supporting Hard Schema Changes in TSE.
Dynamic extraction topic descriptors and discriminators: towards automatic context-based topic search.
The Effectiveness of Query Expansion for Distributed Information Retrieval.
HSGIMS - A Secure High-Speed Tool with Bound Search Times for Transparently Managing and Manipulating Information.
Dimensionality reduction using magnitude and shape approximations.
Sampling from Databases Using B+-Trees.
Browsing and Querying in Object-Oriented Database.
Detection and Resolution of Deadlocks in Distributed Database Systems.
FOCI: Flexible Organizer for Competitive Intelligence.
Versatile structural disambiguation for semantic-aware applications.
Light-weight xPath processing of XML stream with deterministic automata.
A syntactic approach for searching similarities within sentences.
FREM: fast and robust EM clustering for large data sets.
Improving intranet search-engines using context information from databases.
Clustering high-dimensional data using an efficient and effective data space reduction.
Recent Developments in Text Summarization.
Joint Optimization of Cost and Coverage of Query Plans in Data Integration.
On the Generation of Aggregated Random Spatial Regions.
Object and Query Transformation: Supporting Multi-Dimensional Queries through Code Reuse.
Ordinal Association Rules for Error Identification in Data Sets.
Evaluating Document Retrieval in Patent Database: A Preliminary Report.
Integrating Constraints in Complex Objects.
TID Hash Joins.
Mining coverage statistics for websource selection in a mediator.
A Statistical Model for Scientific Readability.
Knowledge discovery in patent databases.
Dynamic Query Optimization on a Distributed Object Management Platform.
Consistency Checking in Object Oriented Databases: a Behavioral Approach.
On the Storage and Retrieval of Continuous Media Data.
A model for weighting image objects in home photographs.
An Extensible Query Optimizer for an Objectbase Management System.
On structuring formal, semi-formal and informal data to support traceability in systems engineering environments.
Isolation of Transaction Aborts in Object-Oriented Database Management Systems.
INFER: a relational query language without the complexity of SQL.
An Automatic Techniques for Detecting Type Conflicts in Database Schemes.
Task-Oriented World Wide Web Retrieval by Document Type Classification.
"GeoPlot": spatial data mining on video libraries.
Incremental evaluation of a monotone XPath fragment.
Image Similarity Retrieval by Spatial Constraints.
The Enosys Markets Data Integration Platform: Lessons from the Trenches.
Lattice-based tagging using support vector machines.
On the Duality of Distributed Databases and Distributed AI Systems.
Caching Constrained Mobile Data.
A Semantic Meta-Modeling Approach to Schema Transformation.
A Unified Environment for Fusion of Information Retrieval Approaches.
Document Classification Using Multiword Features.
Adjusting the Performance of an Information Retrieval System.
Unified utility maximization framework for resource selection.
A dimensionality reduction technique for efficient similarity analysis of time series databases.
Ginga: a self-adaptive query processing system.
Dealing with Partial Failures in Multiple Processor Primary-Backup Systems.
Using Linguistic and Discourse Structures to Derive Topics.
The OODB Path-Method Generator (PMG) Using Precomputed Access Relevance.
Efficient Parallel and Data Mining for Association Rules.
DIST: a distributed spatio-temporal index structure for sensor networks.
Automatic Thesaurus Construction Using Bayesian Networks.
Using bi-modal alignment and clustering techniques for documents and speech thematic segmentations.
Prefix-Querying: An Approach for Effective Subsequence Matching Under Time Warping in Sequence Databases.
Context modeling and discovery using vector space bases.
A Distributed Deadlock Detection and Resolution Algorithm Based on A Hybrid Wait-for Graph and Probe Generation Scheme.
A novel method for stemmer generation based on hidden markov models.
Unified filtering by combining collaborative filtering and content-based filtering via mixture model and exponential model.
Scalable association-based text classification.
Mining Association Rules with Adjustable Accuracy.
Evaluation of a MCA-based approach to organize data cubes.
Ontology-driven peer profiling in peer-to-peer enabled semantic web.
Similarity measures for tracking information flow.
Incremental and Interactive Sequence Mining.
Document clustering using character N-grams: a comparative evaluation with term-based and word-based clustering.
Retrieving Video Data Via Motion Tracks of Content Symbols.
Using RankBoost to compare retrieval systems.
Score region algebra: building a transparent XML-R database.
Acquisition of categorized named entities for web search.
Facilitating the Creation of a Multiple Index on Graph-Described Documents by Transforming Their Descriptions.
Generating a Dynamic Hypertext Environment with n-gram Analysis.
Automatic analysis of call-center conversations.
Extending OLAP Querying to External Object Databases.
Extensible Perfect Hashing.
Mining sequential patterns with constraints in large databases.
Similarity among melodies for music information retrieval.
Discovering Similar Resources by Content Part-Linking.
Access control for XML: a dynamic query rewriting approach.
Irregularity in Multi-Dimensional Space-Filling Curves with Applications in Multimedia Databases.
An Extensible Query Model and Its Languages for a Uniform Behavioral Object Management System.
Relevance Score Normalization for Metasearch.
CiteSeer-API: towards seamless resource location and interlinking for digital libraries.
Condorcet fusion for improved retrieval.
Development and Evaluation of an Application in a Deductive Environment.
Queries, Constraints, Updates and Transactions Within a Logic-Based Language.
Harmonic models for polyphonic music retrieval.
Mining temporal classes from time series data.
Multi-Dimensional Sequential Pattern Mining.
Efficient evaluation of parameterized pattern queries.
Energy management schemes for memory-resident database systems.
Educating the Next Generation of Information and Knowledge Experts, in Collaboration with Industry (Keynote Address).
A Framework for Temporal Object Databases.
A Way to Compare Objects.
Separating Semantics from Representation in a Temporal Object Database Domain.
Symbolic photograph content-based retrieval.
Towards the Design and Development of a New Model for Geographic Information Systems.
Scalable summary based retrieval in P2P networks.
Towards a Framework for Integrating Multilevel Secure Models and Temporal Data Models.
Memory Allocation Strategies for Complex Decision Support Queries.
Building Information Systems for Mobile Environments.
Mining soft-matching association rules.
An Efficient Hierarchical Scheme for Locating Highly Mobile Users.
I-Regular Expression: Regular Expression with Continuous Interval Constraints.
Providing consistent and exhaustive relevance assessments for XML retrieval evaluation.
Capturing term dependencies using a language model based on sentence trees.
Automatic Generation of Graphical User Interfaces for Interactive Database Applications.
Relevant query feedback in statistical language modeling.
Analyzing the Effectiveness and Applicability of Co-training.
Data fusion with estimated weights.
Event threading within news topics.
Efficient and Robust Feature Extraction and Pattern Matching of Time Series by a Lattice Structure.
Mining Generalised Disjunctive Association Rules.
Document clustering based on cluster validation.
Distance-function design and fusion for sequence data.
An efficient and effective algorithm for density biased sampling.
Selectivity-based partitioning: a divide-and-union paradigm for effective query optimization.
Speculative Query Evaluation over Databases of Plans.
Automatic Discovery of Salient Segments in Imperfect Speech Transcripts.
DSAC: integrity for outsourced databases with signature aggregation and chaining.
Maximal termsets as a query structuring mechanism.
XML, the WEB and Database Functionality?.
Efficient indexing and querying of XML data using modified Prüfer sequences.
Towards integrative enterprise knowledge portals.
Ready for Prime Time: Pre-Generation of Web Pages in TIScover.
Selectivity Estimation of Window Queries.
Multiversion Divergence Control of Time Fuzziness.
Recursive Query Processing Using Graph Traversal Techniques.
A function-based access control model for XML databases.
An Object-Oriented Database for the Display Measurement and Analysis System.
RHist: adaptive summarization over continuous data streams.
Index Filtering and View Materialization in ROLAP Environment.
Supporting Fast Search in Time Series for Movement Patterns in Multiple Scales.
Graph-Based Object-Oriented Approach for Structural and Behavioral Representation of Multimedia Data.
Mining the Web for Answers to Natural Language Questions.
Summarization evaluation using relative utility.
Knowledge discovery from texts: a concept frame graph approach.
The EDAM project: mining mass spectra and more.
A structure-sensitive framework for text categorization.
Techniques for efficient fragment detection in web pages.
Structural features in content oriented XML retrieval.
Interoperable Query Processing with Multiple Heterogeneous Knowledge Servers.
Approaches to Collection Selection and Results Merging for Distributed Information Retrieval.
Towards Data Warehouse Design.
Exploiting hierarchical relationships in conceptual search.
Efficient Runtime Generation of Association Rules.
A vertical distance-based outlier detection method with local pruning.
The robustness of content-based search in hierarchical peer to peer networks.
A Lock Method for KBMSs Using Abstraction Relationships' Semantics.
Extracting Semi-Structured Data Through Examples.
Of parts and relationships: an unending quest.
Using Cases to Represent Context for Text Classification.
Simple BM25 extension to multiple weighted fields.
High-performing feature selection for text classification.
Quality of Service Transferred to Information Retrieval: The Adaptive Information Retrieval System.
Knowledge Discovery in Reaction Databases.
Hierarchical Classification as an Aid to Database and Hit-List Browsing.
Structural extraction from visual layout of documents.
TEG: a hybrid approach to information extraction.
What Can Researches Do to Improve Security of Data and Documents?.
Document Release versus Data Access Controls: Two Sides of the Same Coin?.
MessageWorld: A New Approach to Facilitating Asynchronous Group Communications.
Optimizing candidate check costs for bitmap indices.
Semantic verification for fact seeking engines.
Discretization based learning approach to information retrieval.
Towards automatic association of relevant unstructured content with structured query results.
Tools for View Generation in Object-Oriented Databases.
A Classification Algorithm for Supporting Object-Oriented Views.
Multi-media RISSC Informatics: Retrieval of Information with Simple Structural Components (Part I: The Architecture).
On Equivalence of Queries in Uncertain Databases.
The Subspace Coding Method: A New Indexing Scheme for High-Dimensional Data.
Self Maintenance of Multiple Views in Data Warehousing.
Accurate User Directed Summarizatiion from Existing Tools.
Structural Inference for Semistructured Data.
Circumstance-based categorization analysis of knowledge management systems for the japanese market.
Iterated DFT Based Techniques for Join Size Estimation.
Projection-Propagation in Complex-Object Query Languages.
SQL Database Primitives for Decision Tree Classifiers.
Meta-recommendation systems: user-controlled integration of diverse recommendations.
Advanced Grouping and Aggregation for Data Integration.
A Recovery Scheme for Multidatabase Systems.
An Incremental Approach to Schema Integration by Refining Extensional Relationships.
Query association for effective retrieval.
A Practitioners' View of Techniques Used in Data Warehousing for Sifting Through Data to Provide Information.
An Improved Boosting Algorithm and its Application to Text Categorization.
Electronic Catalogs: a Technology Overview and Survey Results.
Efficient Maintenance of Rule-Derived Data through Join Pattern Indexing.
Discovering Context in a Conceptual Schema.
Information retrieval on the semantic web.
Boosting support vector machines for text classification through parameter-free threshold relaxation.
Index construction for linear categorisation.
Semantic-based delivery of OLAP summary tables in wireless environments.
Finding Similar Images Quickly Using Object Shapes.
Integrating heterogeneous reatures for efficient content based music retrieval.
Implicit user modeling for personalized search.
S-signature: A New Scheme for Efficient Query Processing of Complex Objects in OODB.
HYKIS - An Information Retrieval System Based on a Hybrid Knowledge Base.
Leonardo's laptop: human needs and the new computing technologies.
OLAP and Statistical Databases: Similarities and Differences.
Performance of Clustering Policies in Object Bases.
Query Processing for Knowledge Bases Using Join Indices.
Quick and Incomplete Responses: The Semantic Approach.
Discovering Quasi-Equivalence Relationships from Database Systems.
A language modeling framework for resource selection and results merging.
Goal-oriented methods and meta methods for document classification and their parameter tuning.
A visual interface technique for exploring OLAP data with coordinated dimension hierarchies.
Processing content-oriented XPath queries.
ViPER: augmenting automatic information extraction with visual perceptions.
High dimensional reverse nearest neighbor queries.
Automated cleansing for spend analytics.
Generating Association Rules from Semi-Structured Documents Using an Extended Concept Hierarchy.
Design of a data warehouse system for network/web services.
Similarity based retrieval from sequence databases using automata as queries.
An Adaptive View Element Framework for Multi-Dimensional Data Management.
Securely sharing neuroimagery.
Polar: An Architecture for a Parallel ODMG Compliant Object Database.
BioDIFF: an effective fast change detection algorithm for genomic and proteomic data.
A General Language Model for Information Retrieval.
Binary Relationship Imposition Rules on Ternary Relationships.
Object-Oriented Database Design Methodologies: A Survey.
Transformation-Based Spatial Join.
Run-Time Parallelization of Sequential Database Programs.
Adaptive Commitment for Distributed Real-Time Transactions.
Modeling Time from a Conceptual Perspective.
Interactive methods for taxonomy editing and validation.
Just-In-Time Databases and the World-Wide Web.
Elicitations Queries to the Excite Web Search Engine.
InfoCrystal: A Visual Tool for Information Retrieval & Management.
Unapparent information revelation: a concept chain graph approach.
Exploiting syntactic structure of queries in a language modeling approach to IR.
Grammar-based task analysis of web logs.
A compact and efficient image retrieval approach based on border/interior pixel classification.
Visual Query and Analysis Tool of the Object-Relational GIS Framework.
Levels of Reasoning as the Basis for a Formalisation of Argumentation.
Raindrop: a uniform and layered algebraic framework for XQueries on XML streams.
An Extensible Knowledge Base Management System for Supporting Rule-based Interoperability among Heterogeneous Systems.
Smart Mediators and Intelligent Agents (Panel).
Information extraction from biomedical literature: methodology, evaluation and an application.
The Design and Implementation of an Expert Object-Oriented Geographic Database Model.
Web unit mining: finding and classifying subgraphs of web pages.
A fast filtering scheme for large database cleansing.
Word Sense Disambiguation for Free-text Indexing Using a Massive Semantic Network.
D-CAPE: distributed and self-tuned continuous query processing.
Extracting Significant Time Varying Features from Text.
A Competition-Based Connectionist Model for Information Retrieval Using a Merged Thesaurus.
Incorporating Latent Semantic Indexing into a Neural Network Model for Information Retrieval.
Associative document retrieval by query subtopic analysis and its application to invalidity patent search.
Using Resolution for Extending KL-ONE-type Languages.
From Object Evolution to Object Emergence.
A novel refinement approach for text categorization.
Balancing performance and confidentiality in air index.
Using Incremental Pruning to Increase the Efficiency of Dynamic Itemset Counting for Association Rules.
Handling Uncertainties in Workflow Applications.
Focused crawling for both topical relevance and quality of medical information.
Transaction-oriented Work-flow Concepts in Inter-Organizational Environments.
An iterative strategy for pattern discovery in high-dimensional data sets.
Mining multiple phenotype structures underlying gene expression profiles.
Queryable Acyclic Production Systems.
The power-method: a comprehensive estimation technique for multi-dimensional queries.
Accurate language model estimation with document expansion.
ERC++: A Conceptual Data Model Based on Object and Logic Paradigms.
A Model for Developing Large Shared Knowledge Bases.
Scoring missing terms in information retrieval tasks.
Poison pills: harmful relevant documents in feedback.
Interface Support for Data Archaeology.
Global Nested Transaction Management for ODMG-Compliant Multi-Database Systems.
Effective Clustering of Objects Stored by Linear Hashing.
Semantic querying of tree-structured data sources using partially specified tree patterns.
Enchancing Knowledge Processing in Client/Server Environments.
Clustering and Singular Value Decomposition for Approximate Indexing in High Dimensional Spaces.
A relevant research agenda for the decision support industry.
Query-Sensitive Similarity Measures for the Calculation of Interdocument Relationships.
Calculating similarity between texts using graph-based text representation model.
Storage Management for Knowledge Bases.
A new framework to combine descriptors for content-based image retrieval.
Visual structures for image browsing.
Vulnerabilities in similarity search based systems.
Text Classification in a Hierarchical Mixture Model for Small Training Sets.
How to improve the pruning ability of dynamic metric access methods.
An Extensible Classifier for Semi-Structured Documents.
Merging Techniques for Performing Data Fusion on the Web.
BROOM: Buffer Replacement using Online Optimization by Mining.
Rule Validation Based on Logical Deduction.
Managing IFC for civil engineering projects.
Structure-based query-specific document summarization.
Preserving Update Semantics in Schema Integration.
On the Update of Term Weights in Dynamic Information Retrieval Systems.
Data Cube Approximation and Histograms via Wavelets.
Rotation invariant indexing of shapes and line drawings.
Termination and Confluence of Rule Execution.
Question Answering in TREC.
Efficient and Effective Metasearch for a Large Number of Text Databases.
SortTables: A Browser for a Digital Library.
Simple QSF-Trees: An Efficient and Scalable Spatial Access Method.
Person resolution in person search results: WebHawk.
An agent-based approach to knowledge management.
The earth mover's distance as a semantic measure for document similarity.
Selecting Relevant Instances for Efficient and Accurate Collaborative Filtering.
Algebraic Query Languages on Temporal Databases with Multiple Time Granularities.
Removing redundancy and inconsistency in memory-based collaborative filtering.
Text classification from positive and unlabeled documents.
Mining Confident Rules Without Support Requirement.
Towards estimating the number of distinct value combinations for a set of attributes.
A framework for mining topological patterns in spatio-temporal databases.
Sequence Mining in Categorical Domains: Incorporating Constraints.
Evaluating contents-link coupled web page clustering for web search results.
Efficient Enumeration of Frequent Sequences.
Feature selection with conditional mutual information maximin in text categorization.
Analysis and Design of Server Informative WWW-Sites.
A latent semantic classification model.
Using LSI for Text Classification in the Presence of Background Text.
Efficient Refreshment of Materialized Views with Multiple Sources.
Knowledge and information management: Is it possible to do interesting and important research, get funded, be useful and appreciated?
Web page clustering enhanced by summarization.
Bipartite Graph Partitioning and Data Clustering.
Supporting Subseries Nearest Neighbor Search via Approximation.
Model-based Feedback in the Language Modeling Approach to Information Retrieval.
Semantic Search on Internet Tabular Information Extraction for Answering Queries.
Weakly-supervised relation classification for information extraction.
Clustering Transactions Using Large Items.
Intelligent GP fusion from multiple sources for text classification.
Scalable sequential pattern mining for biological sequences.
Combining structural and citation-based evidence for text classification.
A Knowledge-Based Patient Data Acquisition System for Primary Care Medicine.
Discovering strong skyline points in high dimensional spaces.
A Case Study of Venus and a Declarative Basis for Rule Modules.
InfoAnalyzer: a computer-aided tool for building enterprise taxonomies.
Rule-Based Query Optimization, Revisited.
A Method of Using Semijoins to Optimizing Queries with ADT Functions.
Architecture of a Networked Image Search and Retrieval System.
Learning cross-document structural relationships using boosting.
Efficient region-based image retrieval.
Mining conserved XML query paths for dynamic-conscious caching.
Trust-based collaborative filtering.
WAM-Miner: in the search of web access motifs from historical web log data.
An approach for implicitly detecting information needs.
Discovering frequently changing structures from historical structural deltas of unordered XML.
Using appraisal groups for sentiment analysis.
Evaluation of hierarchical clustering algorithms for document datasets.
Strategies for minimising errors in hierarchical web categorisation.
Soft clustering criterion functions for partitional document clustering: a summary of results.
Research Problems in Data Warehousing.
Semantic Query Processing in Object-Oriented Databases Using Deductive Approach.
Knowing a web page by the company it keeps.
Tracking changes in user interests with a few relevance judgments.
Intensional Query Processing Using Data Mining Approaches.
An Adaptive Algorithm for Learning Changes in User Interests.
Collaborative Proxy System for Distributed Web Content Transcoding.
Improving novelty detection for general topics using sentence level information patterns.
Long-Duration Transaction Support in Design Databases.
A New On-Line Learning Algorithm for Adaptive Text Filtering.
Eigen-trend: trend analysis in the blogosphere based on singular value decompositions.
Database Model for Web-Based Cooperative Applications.
Opportunity map: a visualization framework for fast identification of actionable knowledge.
Performance Evaluation of MAX - the Maintenance Administrator Expert System.
Spatial Data Traversal in Road Map Databases: A Graph Indexing Approach.
Exploiting Enterprise Models for the Automatic Distribution of Corporate Information.
Text-Hypertext Mutual Conversion and Hypertext Interchange through SGML.
A Case for Reconfigurable Parallel Architectures for Information Retrieval.
Document quality models for web ad hoc retrieval.
Dynamic Restructuring of Transactional Workflow Activities: A Practical Implementation Method.
Using Wavelet Decomposition to Support Progressive and Approximate Range-Sum Queries over Data Cubes.
Hybrid index structures for location-based web search.
A Comparison of DFT and DWT based Similarity Search in Time-Series Databases.
Optimizing continuous multijoin queries over distributed streams.
Efficient Retrieval for Browsing Large Image Databases.
Ontology-Based Web Site Mapping for Information Exploration.
Interval query indexing for efficient stream processing.
Trajectory queries and octagons in moving object databases.
Domain-specific keyphrase extraction.
Distributed PageRank computation based on iterative aggregation-disaggregation methods.
A Performance Comparison of bitmap indexes.
Taxonomy-driven computation of product recommendations.
Finding more useful information faster from web search results.
Measuring the meaning in time series clustering of text search queries.
Efficient query monitoring using adaptive multiple key hashing.
Performance thresholding in practical text classification.
Local Replication for Proxy Web Caches with Hash Routing.
Self-Managing Technology in IBM DB2 Universal Database.
A Relational Algebra for Data/Metadata Integration in a Federated Database System.
An Integrated Approach to Quality Assurance of Expert System Knowledge Bases.
A formal characterization of PIVOT/UNPIVOT.
Estimating average precision with incomplete and imperfect judgments.
Title, Preface.
Using a compact tree to index and query XML data.
ERkNN: efficient reverse k-nearest neighbors retrieval with local kNN-distance estimation.
The Webspace Method: On the Integration of Database Technology with Multimedia Retrieval.
Dynamic Versioning Concurrency Control for Index-Based Data Access in Main Memory Database Systems.
Tracking dragon-hunters with language models.
Slicing*-tree based web page transformation for small displays.
Bayesian adaptive user profiling with explicit &amp; implicit feedback.
Optimization of Object Queries Containing Encapsulated Methods.
Re-ranking search results using query logs.
Supporting ranked search in parallel search cluster networks.
Amnesic online synopses for moving objects.
Privacy leakage in multi-relational databases via pattern based semi-supervised learning.
Designing semantics-preserving cluster representatives for scientific input conditions.
Associated Biological Information Retrieval from Distributed Databases.
Pruning strategies for mixed-mode querying.
SAIU: An Efficient Cache Replacement Policy for Wireless On-demand Broadcasts.
Structure-based querying of proteins using wavelets.
Optimizing web search using web click-through data.
Cache-oblivious nested-loop joins.
Generating concise association rules.
MRSSA: an iterative algorithm for similarity spreading over interrelated objects.
Mining coherent patterns from heterogeneous microarray data.
Algorithm for Discovering Multivalued Dependencies.
Describing differences between databases.
n23Tool: a Tool for Exploring Large Relational Data Sets Through 3D Dynamic Projections.
A probabilistic relevance propagation model for hypertext retrieval.
Virtual cursors for XML joins.
Topic evolution and social interactions: how authors effect research.
Cooperative caching for k-NN search in ad hoc networks.
Voting for candidates: adapting data fusion techniques for an expert search task.
Margin-based local regression for adaptive filtering.
Finding highly correlated pairs efficiently with powerful pruning.
A Configurable Approach for Object Sharing Among Multidatabase Systems.
Information retrieval from relational databases using semantic queries.
On the complexity of schema inference from web pages in the presence of nullable data attributes.
SaLSa: computing the skyline without scanning the whole sky.
A Framework for Designing Update Objects to Improve Server Scalability in Intermittently Synchronized Databases.
In search of meaning for time series subsequence clustering: matching algorithms based on a new distance measure.
Efficient data access to multi-channel broadcast programs.
How I learned to stop worrying and love the imminent internet singularity.
Scaling Replica Maintenance In Intermittently Synchronized Mobile Databases.
Mining compressed commodity workflows from massive RFID data sets.
An RSA-based time-bound hierarchical key assignment scheme for electronic article subscription.
Multi-task text segmentation and alignment based on weighted mutual information.
Using Domain Knowledge in Knowledge Discovery.
HUX: a schemacentric approach for updating XML views.
Intelligent Query Answering in Deductive and Object-Oriented Databases.
Query result ranking over e-commerce web databases.
An approximate multi-word matching algorithm for robust document retrieval.
Multi-query optimization of sliding window aggregates by schedule synchronization.
Out-of-context noun phrase semantic interpretation with cross-linguistic evidence.
Translation enhancement: a new relevance feedback method for cross-language information retrieval.
Boosting relevance model performance with query term dependence.
Utility scoring of product reviews.
A dual-view approach to interactive network visualization.
Semi-automatic annotation and MPEG-7 authoring of dance videos.
Towards efficient search on unstructured data: an intelligent-storage approach.
Representing documents with named entities for story link detection (SLD).
Language models, probability of relevance and relevance likelihood.
k nearest neighbor classification across multiple private databases.
Distributed spatio-temporal similarity search.
CTO: concept tree based semantic overlay for pure peer-to-peer information retrieval.
Query-specific clustering of search results based on document-context similarity scores.
Movie review mining and summarization.
Towards interactive indexing for large Chinese calligraphic character databases.
A comparison of statistical significance tests for information retrieval evaluation.
Coupling feature selection and machine learning methods for navigational query identification.
Automatic computation of semantic proximity using taxonomic knowledge.
Index compression is good, especially for random access.
On the structural properties of massive telecom call graphs: findings and implications.
TRIPS and TIDES: new algorithms for tree mining.
Optimisation methods for ranking functions with multiple parameters.
Efficient search ranking in social networks.
A structure-oriented relevance feedback method for XML retrieval.
Probabilistic document-context based relevance feedback with limited relevance judgments.
A novel scheme for domain-transfer problem in the context of sentiment analysis.
Term context models for information retrieval.
A combination of trie-trees and inverted files for the indexing of set-valued attributes.
Evaluation by comparing result sets in context.
Practical private data matching deterrent to spoofing attacks.
High-performance distributed inverted files.
Improving query translation with confidence estimation for cross language information retrieval.
Adapting association patterns for text categorization: weaknesses and enhancements.
Best-k queries on database systems.
Classification spanning correlated data streams.
Ranking robustness: a novel framework to predict query performance.
An on-line interactive method for finding association rules data streams.
Spam filtering for short messages.
Direct comparison of commercial and academic retrieval system: an initial study.
A segment-based hidden markov model for real-setting pinyin-to-chinese conversion.
Efficient range-constrained similarity search on wavelet synopses over multiple streams.
Concept frequency distribution in biomedical text summarization.
Exploiting asymmetry in hierarchical topic extraction.
Privacy preserving sequential pattern mining in distributed databases.
The real-time nature and value of homeland security information.
Finding dense and isolated submarkets in a sponsored search spending graph.
On GMAP: and other transformations.
The query-vector document model.
Type nanotheories: a framework for term comparison.
Concept-based document readability in domain specific information retrieval.
Autonomously semantifying wikipedia.
Matching directories and OWL ontologies with AROMA.
On subspace clustering with density consciousness.
A system for query-specific document summarization.
Efficient model selection for regularized linear discriminant analysis.
A CDD-based formal model for expert finding.
Pseudo-anchor text extraction for searching vertical objects.
Heuristic containment check of partial tree-pattern queries in the presence of index graphs.
Processing information intent via weak labeling.
Comparing the effectiveness of hits and salsa.
Task-based process know-how reuse and proactive information delivery in TaskNavigator.
Improving query I/O performance by permuting and refining block request sequences.
Effective keyword search for valuable lcas over xml documents.
An efficient one-phase holistic twig join algorithm for XML data.
On progressive sequential pattern mining.
Predictive user click models based on click-through history.
Annotation propagation revisited for key preserving views.
Discovering and exploiting keyword and attribute-value co-occurrences to improve P2P routing indices.
Introduction to a new Farsi stemmer.
Window join approximation over data streams with importance semantics.
Efficiently clustering transactional data with weighted coverage density.
Ontology module extraction for ontology reuse: an ontology engineering perspective.
The visual funding navigator: analysis of the NSF funding information.
Utilizing a geometry of context for enhanced implicit feedback.
Incorporating query difference for learning retrieval functions in world wide web search.
Genre identification and goal-focused summarization.
Incremental hierarchical clustering of text documents.
Hypothesis testing with incomplete relevance judgments.
Processing relaxed skylines in PDMS using distributed data summaries.
PEPX: a query-friendly probabilistic XML database.
Integrated RFID data modeling: an approach for querying physical objects in pervasive computing.
Filtering or adapting: two strategies to exploit noisy parallel corpora for cross-language information retrieval.
Towards practically feasible answering of regular path queries in lav data integration.
Text classification improved through multigram models.
Predicting individual priorities of shared activities using support vector machines.
Combining feature selectors for text classification.
Very efficient mining of distance-based outliers.
Efficient mining of max frequent patterns in a generalized environment.
Search result summarization and disambiguation via contextual dimensions.
Efficient LCA based keyword search in xml data.
Efficient processing of complex similarity queries in RDBMS through query rewriting.
Designing clustering-based web crawling policies for search engine crawlers.
Investigating the exhaustivity dimension in content-oriented XML element retrieval evaluation.
Vector and matrix operations programmed with UDFs in a relational DBMS.
Robust periodicity detection algorithms.
POLESTAR: collaborative knowledge management and sensemaking tools for intelligence analysts.
Mining blog stories using community-based and temporal clustering.
Diva: a variance-based clustering approach for multi-type relational data.
Constrained subspace skyline computation.
Multi-evidence, multi-criteria, lazy associative document classification.
A fast and robust method for web page template detection and removal.
A study on the effects of personalization and task information on implicit feedback performance.
A comparative study on classifying the functions of web page blocks.
Clustering for unsupervised relation identification.
Matching and evaluation of disjunctive predicates for data stream sharing.
Semiautomatic evaluation of retrieval systems using document similarities.
Pair-Wise entity resolution: overview and challenges.
Approximate reverse k-nearest neighbor queries in general metric spaces.
An integer programming approach for frequent itemset hiding.
Retrieval evaluation with incomplete relevance data: a comparative study of three measures.
A dictionary for approximate string search and longest prefix search.
KDDCS: a load-balanced in-network data-centric storage scheme for sensor networks.
Effective and efficient similarity search in time series.
Effective and efficient classification on a search-engine model.
Resource-aware kernel density estimators over streaming data.
A neighborhood-based approach for clustering of linked document collections.
Continuous keyword search on multiple text streams.
3DString: a feature string kernel for 3D object classification on voxelized data.
Integration of cluster ensemble and EM based text mining for microarray gene cluster identification and annotation.
Modeling performance-driven workload characterization of web search systems.
Adaptive non-linear clustering in data streams.
Regularized locality preserving indexing via spectral regression.
CP/CV: concept similarity mining without frequency information from domain describing taxonomies.
Secure search in enterprise webs: tradeoffs in efficient implementation for document level security.
Ranking in context using vector spaces.
A data stream language and system designed for power and extensibility.
Estimation, sensitivity, and generalization in parameterized retrieval models.
Automatically constructing collections of online database directories.
Maximizing the sustained throughput of distributed continuous queries.
Rank synopses for efficient time travel on the web graph.
Document re-ranking using cluster validation and label propagation.
Capturing community search expertise for personalized web search using snippet-indexes.
IR principles for content-based indexing and retrieval of functional brain images.
Estimating corpus size via queries.
Collaborative filtering in dynamic usage environments.
Management of data with uncertainties.
A document-centric approach to static index pruning in text retrieval systems.
Computing block importance for searching on web sites.
Constructing better document and query models with markov chains.
Learning to join everything.
Efficient join processing over uncertain data.
Efficient interactive query expansion with complete search.
Query taxonomy generation for web search.
Ranking web objects from multiple communities.
Finding and linking incidents in news.
Web search: from information retrieval to microeconomic modeling.
Parameter sensitivity in the probabilistic model for ad-hoc retrieval.
Summarizing local context to personalize global web search.
Detecting distance-based outliers in streams of data.
Query optimization using restructured views.
Communities in graphs and hypergraphs.
Validating associations in biological databases.
Computing explanations for unlively queries in databases.
Efficient and effective link analysis with precomputed salsa maps.
Workload-based optimization of integration processes.
Entity-based query reformulation using wikipedia.
Automatic online news topic ranking using media focus and user attention based on aging theory.
Evaluating topic models for information retrieval.
"More like these": growing entity classes from seeds.
Reasoning about vague topological information.
Web search personalization with ontological user profiles.
Protecting location privacy against location-dependent attack in mobile services.
Identifying opinion leaders in the blogosphere.
Ranking with semi-supervised distance metric learning and its application to housing potential estimation.
Evaluation of partial path queries on xml data.
Sigma encoded inverted files.
Dynamic index pruning for effective caching.
Improve retrieval accuracy for difficult queries using negative feedback.
Probabilistic correlation-based similarity measure of unstructured records.
Matching task profiles and user needs in personalized web search.
Association thesaurus construction methods based on link co-occurrence analysis for wikipedia.
Evaluating partial tree-pattern queries on XML streams.
Dr. Searcher and Mr. Browser: a unified hyperlink-click graph.
Cache-aware load balancing for question answering.
Key blog distillation: ranking aggregates.
Anomaly-free incremental output in stream processing.
Non-local evidence for expert finding.
Translating topics to words for image annotation.
Learning query-biased web page summarization.
Reconstructing ddc for interactive classification.
Shine: search heterogeneous interrelated entities.
Mining redundancy in candidate-bearing snippets to improve web question answering.
Using social annotations to improve language model for information retrieval.
Query expansion using probabilistic local feedback with application to multimedia retrieval.
Link analysis using time series of web graphs.
Nugget discovery in visual exploration environments by query consolidation.
Ontology evaluation using wikipedia categories for browsing.
Ranking very many typed entities on wikipedia.
Recognition and classification of noun phrases in queries for effective retrieval.
A constraint-based probabilistic framework for name disambiguation.
An efficient algorithm for approximate biased quantile computation in data streams.
Boolean representation based data-adaptive correlation analysis over time series streams.
Opinion retrieval from blogs.
Effective top-k computation in retrieving structured documents with term-proximity support.
Classifying networked entities with modularity kernels.
The query-flow graph: model and applications.
Ranked feature fusion models for ad hoc retrieval.
Optimal proactive caching in peer-to-peer network: analysis and application.
BNS feature scaling: an improved representation over tf-idf for svm text classification.
Energy-efficient skyline query processing and maintenance in sensor networks.
How evaluator domain expertise affects search result relevance judgments.
Efficient frequent pattern mining over data streams.
Scalable community discovery on textual data with relations.
Boosting social annotations using propagation.
Search-based query suggestion.
On quantifying changes in temporally evolving dataset.
Understanding the relationship between searchers' queries and information goals.
Revisiting the relationship between document length and relevance.
EDSC: efficient density-based subspace clustering.
Probabilistic polyadic factorization and its application to personalized recommendation.
Rewriting of visibly pushdown languages for xml data integration.
Vanity fair: privacy in querylog bundles.
Efficient estimation of the size of text deep web data source.
An automatic approach to construct domain-specific web portals.
Just-in-time contextual advertising.
Inferring document relevance from incomplete information.
Merging distributed database summaries.
Efficient evaluation of high-selective xml twig patterns with parent child edges in tree-unaware rdbms.
Structure and semantics for expressive text kernels.
External perfect hashing for very large key sets.
Conceptual modeling by analogy and metaphor.
Self-correcting queries for xml.
Leveraging context in user-centric entity detection systems.
Extending query translation to cross-language query expansion with markov chain models.
A fast unified optimal route query evaluation algorithm.
Domain knowledge conceptual inter-media indexing: application to multilingual multimedia medical reports.
An experimental study of the impact of information extraction accuracy on semantic search performance.
The t4sql temporal query language.
Discovering interesting usage patterns in text collections: integrating text mining with visualization.
A strategy for allowing meaningful and comparable scores in approximate matching.
Quickmig: automatic schema matching for data migration projects.
Rk-hist: an r-tree based histogram for multi-dimensional selectivity estimation.
Mapgraph: efficient methods for complex olap hierarchies.
Learning on the border: active learning in imbalanced data classification.
Randomized metric induction and evolutionary conceptual clustering for semantic knowledge bases.
Evaluation of phrasal query suggestions.
Improving the classification of newsgroup messages through social network analysis.
Optimizing parallel itineraries for knn query processing in wireless sensor networks.
Ntjfsatnot: a novel method for query with not-predicates on xml data.
Efficient on-line index maintenance for dynamic text collections by using dynamic balancing tree.
Combination of evidences in relevance feedback for xml retrieval.
A correlation-based model for unsupervised feature selection.
Measuring article quality in wikipedia: models and evaluation.
Comments-oriented blog summarization by sentence extraction.
A method for online analytical processing of text data.
Ix-cubes: iceberg cubes for data warehousing and olap on xml data.
A two-stage approach to domain adaptation for statistical classifiers.
"I know what you did last summer": query logs and user privacy.
Indexing multiversion databases.
Discovering authorities in question answer communities by using link analysis.
Parallel linkage.
Selective user interaction.
Generalizing from relevance feedback using named entity wildcards.
Structure-based inference of xml similarity for fuzzy duplicate detection.
Just in time indexing for up to the second search.
Ensembling Bayesian network structure learning on limited data.
Expertise drift and query expansion in expert search.
Dex: high-performance exploration on large graphs for information retrieval.
Automatic feature selection in the markov random field model for information retrieval.
Wikify!: linking documents to encyclopedic knowledge.
A knowledge-based search engine powered by wikipedia.
Developing learning strategies for topic-based summarization.
Hybrid results merging.
Automatic call section segmentation for contact-center calls.
Grid-based subspace clustering over data streams.
Mining web multi-resolution community-based popularity for information retrieval.
Lightweight web-based fact repositories for textual question answering.
Weakly-supervised discovery of named entities using web search queries.
The role of documents vs. queries in extracting class attributes from text.
Using word similarity to eradicate junk emails.
Proximity-based document representation for named entity retrieval.
Latent semantic fusion model for image retrieval and annotation.
Modeling historical and future movements of spatio-temporal objects in moving objects databases.
Semantic components enhance retrieval of domain-specific documents.
Satisfaction balanced mediation.
Efficient web matrix processing based on dual reordering.
Semantic verification in an online fact seeking environment.
Polyhedral transformation for indexed rank order correlation queries.
High-dimensional descriptor indexing for large multimedia databases.
Modeling and exploiting query interactions in database systems.
Local approximation of pagerank and reverse pagerank.
Predicting web spam with HTTP session information.
A method to predict social annotations.
Active relevance feedback for difficult queries.
SHOPSMART: product recommendations through technical specifications and user reviews.
An effective algorithm for mining 3-clusters in vertically partitioned data.
Joke retrieval: recognizing the same joke told differently.
Exploiting pipeline interruptions for efficient memory allocation.
An algorithm to determine peer-reviewers.
Scaling up duplicate detection in graph data.
Clustering multi-way data via adaptive subspace iteration.
A survey of pre-retrieval query performance predictors.
Cross-document cross-lingual coreference retrieval.
Exploiting temporal contexts in text classification.
Exploiting context to detect sensitive information in call center conversations.
Semi-supervised ranking aggregation.
A coarse-grain grid-based subspace clustering method for online multi-dimensional data streams.
Scalable complex pattern search in sequential data.
Categorizing blogger's interests based on short snippets of blog posts.
A framework for estimating complex probability density structures in data streams.
Using the current browsing context to improve search relevance.
A novel email abstraction scheme for spam detection.
Real-time data pre-processing technique for efficient feature extraction in large scale datasets.
Tapping on the potential of q&a community by recommending answer providers.
Modeling document features for expert finding.
Data degradation: making private data less sensitive over time.
The effect of contextualization at different granularity levels in content-oriented xml retrieval.
Generalized inverse document frequency.
Comparing citation contexts for information retrieval.
Searching the wikipedia with contextual information.
Predicting individual disease risk based on medical history.
Summarization of social activity over time: people, actions and concepts in dynamic networks.
Learning a two-stage SVM/CRF sequence classifier.
Estimating retrieval effectiveness using rank distributions.
Improved query difficulty prediction for the web.
Metadata extraction and indexing for map search in web documents.
Identification of class specific discourse patterns.
Learning to link with wikipedia.
Identifying table boundaries in digital documents via sparse line detection.
Efficient processing of probabilistic spatio-temporal range queries over moving objects.
Representative entry selection for profiling blogs.
SoRec: social recommendation using probabilistic matrix factorization.
A step towards incremental maintenance of the composed schema mapping.
Markov logic: a unifying language for knowledge and information management.
Peer production of structured knowledge -: an empirical study of ratings and incentive mechanisms.
How does clickthrough data reflect retrieval quality?
Trada: tree based ranking function adaptation.
Modeling multi-step relevance propagation for expert finding.
Identification of gene function using prediction by partial matching (PPM) language models.
Combining concept hierarchies and statistical topic models.
Online spam-blog detection through blog search.
Achieving both high precision and high recall in near-duplicate detection.
Some rewrite optimizations of DB2 XQuery navigation.
A language for manipulating clustered web documents results.
Ranking in folksonomy systems: can context help?
To swing or not to swing: learning when (not) to advertise.
Statistical power in retrieval experimentation.
Extremely fast text feature extraction for classification and indexing.
Modeling LSH for performance tuning.
Humane data mining.
A new method for indexing genomes using on-disk suffix trees.
Estimating the number of answers with guarantees for structured queries in p2p databases.
Query optimization in xml-based information integration.
An extension of PLSA for document clustering.
Yizkor books: a voice for the silent past.
Information shared by many objects.
Improve the effectiveness of the opinion retrieval and opinion polarity classification.
Nested region algebra extended with variables for tag-annotated text search.
Natural language retrieval of grocery products.
Transaction reordering with application to synchronized scans.
Finding informative commonalities in concept collections.
On low dimensional random projections and similarity search.
Real-time new event detection for video streams.
Characterization of TPC-H queries for a column-oriented database on a dual-core amd athlon processor.
Blog site search using resource selection.
Academic conference homepage understanding using constrained hierarchical conditional random fields.
Are click-through data adequate for learning web search rankings?
Collaborative partitioning with maximum user satisfaction.
A two-stage text mining model for information filtering.
Detecting significant distinguishing sets among bi-clusters.
Supporting sub-document updates and queries in an inverted index.
Intra-document structural frequency features for semi-supervised domain adaptation.
A novel optimization approach to efficiently process aggregate similarity queries in metric access methods.
Answering general time sensitive queries.
Decomposition of terminology graphs for domain knowledge acquisition.
A consensus based approach to constrained clustering of software requirements.
Using sequence classification for filtering web pages.
An effective statistical approach to blog post opinion retrieval.
PROQID: partial restarts of queries in distributed databases.
Fast correlation analysis on time series datasets.
Group-based learning: a boosting approach.
A novel statistical chinese language model and its application in pinyin-to-character conversion.
SQL extension for exploring multiple tables.
SNIF TOOL: sniffing for patterns in continuous streams.
Using structured text for large-scale attribute extraction.
Integrating web query results: holistic schema matching.
Fast spatial co-location mining without cliqueness checking.
Handling implicit geographic evidence for geographic ir.
Data weaving: scaling up the state-of-the-art in data clustering.
Link privacy in social networks.
Mining term association patterns from search logs for effective query reformulation.
Beyond the session timeout: automatic hierarchical segmentation of search topics in query logs.
In the development of a spanish metamap.
Semi-supervised metric learning by maximizing constraint margin.
Coreex: content extraction from online news articles.
A system for finding biological entities that satisfy certain conditions from texts.
Closing the loop in webpage understanding.
Comparing metrics across TREC and NTCIR: the robustness to system bias.
A densitometric approach to web page segmentation.
A georeferencing multistage method for locating geographic context in web search.
Transfer learning from multiple source domains via consensus regularization.
Speed up semantic search in p2p networks.
Pattern-based semantic class discovery with multi-membership support.
REDUS: finding reducible subspaces in high dimensional data.
GHOST: an effective graph-based framework for name distinction.
Multi-aspect expertise matching for review assignment.
Overlapping community structure detection in networks.
E-discovery.
Large maximal cliques enumeration in sparse graphs.
Proactive learning: cost-sensitive active learning with multiple imperfect oracles.
Dual encryption for query integrity assurance.
Search advertising using web relevance feedback.
Fast mining of complex time-stamped events.
Records retention in relational database systems.
Inferring semantic query relations from collective user behavior.
Effective pattern taxonomy mining in text documents.
Mining social networks using heat diffusion processes for marketing candidates selection.
Structure feature selection for graph classification.
Corpus microsurgery: criteria optimization for medical cross-language ir.
Clustered subset selection and its applications on it service metrics.
Error-driven generalist+experts (edge): a multi-stage ensemble framework for text categorization.
An integration strategy for mining product features and opinions.
Characterizing and predicting community members from evolutionary and heterogeneous networks.
Spam characterization and detection in peer-to-peer file-sharing systems.
Mining influential attributes that capture class and group contrast behaviour.
Semi-supervised text categorization by active search.
Multi-scale characterization of social network dynamics in the blogosphere.
AdaSum: an adaptive model for summarization.
Using a graph-based ontological user profile for personalizing search.
Investigating external corpus and clickthrough statistics for query expansion in the legal domain.
Winnowing-based text clustering.
Content-based filtering for efficient online materialized view maintenance.
Modeling hidden topics on document manifold.
Dynamic faceted search for discovery-driven analysis.
The social (open) workspace.
Re-considering neighborhood-based collaborative filtering parameters in the context of new data.
Estimating real-valued characteristics of criminals from their recorded crimes.
Can all tags be used for search?
A sparse gaussian processes classification framework for fast tag suggestions.
Using tag semantic network for keyphrase extraction in blogs.
Retrievability: an evaluation measure for higher order information access tasks.
Linear time membership in a class of regular expressions with interleaving and counting.
Pruning nested XQuery queries.
Siphon++: a hidden-webcrawler for keyword-based interfaces.
View and index selection for query-performance improvement: quality-centered algorithms and heuristics.
Query suggestion using hitting time.
A generative retrieval model for structured documents.
An approximate string matching approach for handling incorrectly typed urls.
PBFilter: indexing flash-resident data through partitioned summaries.
Utilization of navigational queries for result presentation and caching in search engines.
Deriving non-redundant approximate association rules from hierarchical datasets.
Valid scope computation for location-dependent spatial query in mobile broadcast environments.
Passage relevance models for genomics search.
Learning latent semantic relations from clickthrough data for query suggestion.
Trust, authority and popularity in social information retrieval.
Discovering leaders from community actions.
A random walk on the red carpet: rating movies with user reviews and pagerank.
Answering questions with authority.
Table summarization with the help of domain lattices.
A heuristic approach for checking containment of generalized tree-pattern queries.
Semi-automated logging of contact center telephone calls.
Coreference resolution using expressive logic models.
Adaptive distributed indexing for structured peer-to-peer networks.
Suppressing outliers in pairwise preference ranking.
A latent variable model for query expansion using the hidden markov model.
Relating dependent indexes using dempster-shafer theory.
Mining named entity transliteration equivalents from comparable corpora.
Privacy-preserving data publishing for horizontally partitioned databases.
Integrating clustering and multi-document summarization to improve document understanding.
ROAD: an efficient framework for location dependentspatial queries on road networks.
TinyLex: static n-gram index pruning with perfect recall.
On effective presentation of graph patterns: a structural representative approach.
Measuring user preference changes in digital libraries.
Wildcards for lightweight information integration in virtual desktops.
A spam resistant family of concavo-convex ranks for link analysis.
Incorporating place name extents into geo-ir ranking.
CE2: towards a large scale hybrid search engine with integrated ranking support.
An empirical study of required dimensionality for large-scale latent semantic indexing applications.
A matrix-based approach for semi-supervised document co-clustering.
Simultaneous multilingual search for translingual information retrieval.
Web-scale named entity recognition.
Unsolved problems in search: (and how we approach them).
A note on search based forecasting of ad volume in contextual advertising.
Social tags: meaning and suggestions.
Kernel methods, syntax and semantics for relational text categorization.
A light weighted damage tracking quarantine and recovery scheme for mission-critical database systems.
Minimum-effort driven dynamic faceted search in structured databases.
Can phrase indexing help to process non-phrase queries?
MedSearch: a specialized search engine for medical information retrieval.
Efficient techniques for document sanitization.
Structural relevance: a common basis for the evaluation of structured document retrieval.
Tag-based filtering for personalized bookmark recommendations.
Joint Feature-Basis Subset Selection.
Pose-Robust Face Recognition Using Geometry Assisted Probabilistic Modeling.
Ensemble Tracking.
Online Modeling and Tracking of Pose-Varying Faces in Video.
View-Based Human Activity Recognition by Indexing & Sequencing.
Pictorial Recognition Using Affine-Invariant Spectral Signatures.
Segmentation with Invisible Keying Signal.
Motion Deblurring Using Hybrid Imaging.
Jitter Camera: High Resolution Video from a Low Resolution Detector.
On the Perceptual Organization of Texture and Shading Flows: From a Geometrical Model to Coherence Computation.
Hue fields and Color Curvatures: A Perceptual Organization Approach to Color Image Denoising.
Real-Time 2-D Feature Detection on a Reconfigurable Computer.
Novel view synthesis in tensor space.
Robust People Tracking with Global Trajectory Optimization.
On the Distribution of Saliency.
Learning Spatiotemporal T-Junctions for Occlusion Detection.
MDL estimation for small sample sizes and its application to segmenting binary strings.
CSIFT: A SIFT Descriptor with Color Invariant Characteristics.
Trajectory Triangulation of Lines: Reconstruction of a 3D point Moving along a Line from a Monocular Image Sequence.
A Region Extraction Method Using Multiple Active Contour Models.
Higher-Order Image Statistics for Unsupervised, Information-Theoretic, Adaptive, Image Filtering.
ROR: Rejection of Outliers by Rotations in Stereo Matching.
Reliable Tracking of Human Arm Dynamics by Multiple Cue Integration and Constraint Fusion.
Robust Fragments-based Tracking using the Integral Histogram.
Spectral Methods for Automatic Multiscale Data Clustering.
Automatic Method for Correlating Horizons across Faults in 3D Seismic Data.
Optic flow calculation using robust statistics.
Probabilistic Modeling-Based Vessel Enhancement in Thoracic CT Scans.
Automatic Reconstruction of Piecewise Planar Models from Multiple Views.
Linear Self-Calibration of a Rotating and Zooming Camera.
A Spherical Eye from Multiple Cameras (Makes Better Models of the World).
The Panum Proxy Algorithm for Dense Stereo Matching over a Volume of Interest.
Automatic Cast Listing in Feature-Length Films with Anisotropic Manifold Space.
Beyond Pairwise Clustering.
Limits on Super-Resolution and How to Break Them.
3D Human Pose from Silhouettes by Relevance Vector Regression.
Equivalence and Efficiency of Image Alignment Algorithms.
Efficient Query Modification for Image Retrieval.
BoostMap: A Method for Efficient Approximate Similarity Rankings.
Efficient Multiclass Object Detection by a Hierarchy of Classifiers.
Envolvable Visual Commercial Detector.
Pattern Rejection.
A Probabilistic Framework for Surface Reconstruction from Multiple Images.
Global Measures of Coherence for Edge Detector Evaluation.
Window-Based, Discontinuity Preserving Stereo.
A Layered Approach to Stereo Reconstruction.
Edge Suppression by Gradient Field Transformation Using Cross-Projection Tensors.
Edge Preserving Orientation Adaptive Filtering.
Factorization as a Rank 1 Problem.
3D Reconstruction from 360 x 360 Mosaics.
Joint Nonparametric Alignment for Analyzing Spatial Gene Expression Patterns in Drosophila Imaginal Discs.
An Adaptive Appearance Model Approach for Model-based Articulated Object Tracking.
A Neural Optimization Framework for Zoom Lens Camera Calibration.
A Conic Section Classifier and its Application to Image Datasets.
Differential Methods for Nonmetric Calibration of Camera Lens Distortion.
Object Class Recognition by Boosting a Part-Based Model.
A New Formulation for Shape from Shading for Non-Lambertian Surfaces.
Motion Estimation by Swendsen-Wang Cuts.
Bias Field Estimation and Adaptive Segmentation of MRI Data Using a Modified Fuzzy C-Means Algorithm.
Multigrid and Multi-Level Swendsen-Wang Cuts for Hierarchic Graph Partition.
3D Reconstruction of the Human Jaw from A Sequence of Images.
Clustering Art.
Space-Variant Dynamic Neural Fields for Visual Attention.
The Effects of Segmentation and Feature Choice in a Translation Model of Object Recognition.
A New Multi-Level Framework for Deformable Contour Optimization.
Issues on the Geometry of Central Catadioptric Image Formation.
Extraction and Tracking of the Tongue Surface from Ultrasound Image Sequences.
Efficient Nearest Neighbor Classification Using a Cascade of Approximate Similarity Measures.
Names and Faces in the News.
An Integrated Segmentation and Classification Approach Applied to Multiple Sclerosis Analysis.
Epipolar Geometry of Central Projection Systems Using Veronese Maps.
Probabilistic vs. Geometric Similarity Measures for Image Retrieval.
Houghing the Hough: Peak Collection for Detection of Corners, Junctions and Line Intersections.
Graph-Theoretic Clustering for Image Grouping and Retrieval.
Estimating Anthropometry and Pose from a Single Image.
Advances in Daylight Statistical Colour Modelling.
Cross-Generalization: Learning Novel Classes from a Single Example by Feature Replacement.
Modelling of single mode distributions of colour data using directional statistics.
Recognizing Facial Expression: Machine Learning and Application to Spontaneous Behavior.
Elastic Matching of Diffusion Tensor MRIs.
Piecewise Planar Segmentation for Automatic Scene Modeling.
A Planar Light Probe.
Motion From 3D Line Correspondences: Linear and Non-Linear Solutions.
Off-road Path Following using Region Classification and Geometric Projection Constraints.
The 3D Line Motion Matrix and Alignment of Line Reconstructions.
Recursive Estimation of Motion and Planar Structure.
Augmenting Images of Non-Rigid Scenes Using Point and Curve Correspondences.
Discovering Clusters in Motion Time-Series Data.
Photometric Stereo with General, Unknown Lighting.
Extracting Salient Curves from Images: An Analysis of the Saliency Network.
Clustering Appearances of 3D Objects.
Verifying model-based alignments in the presence of uncertainty.
Estimating 3D Hand Pose from a Cluttered Image.
Model-Based approach to Accurate and Consistent 3--D Modeling of Drainage and Surrounding Terrain.
Activity Analysis in Microtubule Videos by Mixture of Hidden Markov Models.
Linear Subspaces for Illumination Robust Face Recognition.
Tomographic Reconstruction of Piecewise Smooth Images.
A Novel Convergence Scheme for Active Appearance Models.
Ground from Figure Discrimination.
A Cognitive Vision System for Action Recognition in Office Environments.
Fast Spatial Pattern Discovery Integrating Boosting with Constellations of Contextual Descriptors.
Applying Ensembles of Multilinear Classifiers in the Frequency Domain.
Extracting Semantic Information through Illumination Classification.
Polarization-based Surface Reconstruction via Patch Matching.
Extraction of maximal inscribed disks from discrete Euclidean distance maps.
Multispectral Skin Color Modeling.
Ligature Instabilities in the Perceptual Organization of Shape.
Facial Event Classification with Task Oriented Dynamic Bayesian Network.
Photometric Computation of the Sign of Gaussian Curvature Using a Curve-Orientation Invariant.
Real-time Extraction of connected Components in 3-D Sonar Range Images.
3D Alignment of Face in a Single Image.
A Curvature Based Descriptor Invariant to Pose and Albedo Derived from Photometric Data.
Reliable Feature Matching across Widely Separated Views.
Pruning Training Sets for Learning of Object Categories.
Support Vector Tracking.
A Novel Model for Orientation Field of Fingerprints.
Discriminative Learning of Markov Random Fields for Segmentation of 3D Scan Data.
Wide-Baseline Stereo Matching with Line Segments.
Automatic Recovery of Relative Camera Rotations for Urban Scenes.
Automatic Relighting of Overlapping Textures of a 3D Model.
Scalable, Absolute Position Recovery for Omni-Directional Image Networks.
Bayesian Video Matting Using Learnt Image Priors.
Face Recognition with Image Sets Using Manifold Density Divergence.
Subset Selection for Efficient SVM Tracking.
Stereo-Motion that Complements Stereo and Motion Analyses.
Automatic Face Recognition for Film Character Retrieval in Feature-Length Films.
Finding Corresponding Points Based on Bayesian Triangulation.
Combining Central and Peripheral Vision for Reactive Robot Navigation.
Affine Invariance Revisited.
Robot Homing based on Corner Tracking in a Sequence of Panoramic Images.
Shape Indexing Using Approximate Nearest-Neighbour Search in High-Dimensional Spaces.
Tracking Multiple Colored Blobs with a Moving Camera.
What is the set of images of an object under all possible lighting conditions?
Independent 3D Motion Detection Based on Depth Elimination in Normal Flow Fields.
The Bas-Relief Ambiguity.
Interpreting and representing tabular documents.
A General Framework and New Alignment Criterion for Dense Optical Flow.
A Flexible Projector-Camera System for Multi-Planar Displays.
Representation Of Objects In A Volumetric Frequency Domain With Application To Face Recognition.
Multilinear Constraints in the Infinitesimal-time Cas.
Simultaneous Structure and Texture Image Inpainting.
Shape Matching and Object Recognition Using Low Distortion Correspondences.
Audio-Visual Person Verification.
3D Biplanar Reconstruction of Scoliotic Vertebrae Using Statistical Models.
Animals on the Web.
Geometric Blur for Template Matching.
A Novel Approach to Depth Ordering in Monocular Image Sequences.
Resolving Occlusion in Augmented Reality : a Contour Based Approach without 3D Reconstruction.
Deformable Multi Template Matching with Application to Portal Images.
Deformable Multi Template Matching with Application to Portal Images.
Part-Based Statistical Models for Object Classification and Detection.
Navier-Stokes, Fluid Dynamics, and Image and Video Inpainting.
Shadows and shading flow fields.
A Hierarchical Scheme for Representing Curves without Self-Intersections.
Reconstruction of 3D-Curves from 2D-Images Using Affine Shape Methods for Curves.
Using an ICA Representation of High Dimensional Data for Object Recognition and Classification.
Geocoded Terrestrial Mosaics Using Pose Sensors and Video Registration.
Recursive Structure and Motion from Image Sequences using Shape and Depth Spaces.
Registration via Direct Methods: A Statistical Approach.
Integration of Motion Fields through Shape.
Calibration of a Foveated Wide-Angle Lens on an Active Vision Head.
Unsupervised Bayesian Detection of Independent Motion in Crowds.
Increasing the Discrimination Power of Spectral Spatial Gradients.
Visual Venture: Investigations with Images and Videos for Middle School Education.
Necessary Conditions to Attain Performance Bounds on Structure and Motion Estimates of Rigid Objects.
Driver State Monitor from DELPHI.
A Nonparametric Statistical Comparison of Principal Component and Linear Discriminant Subspaces for Face Recognition.
3D Head Tracking Using Motion Adaptive Texture-Mapping.
Feature Correspondence by Interleaving Shape and Texture Computations.
Conformal Deskewing of Non-Planar Documents.
Eye Gaze Tracking Using an Active Stereo Head.
Image Pre-Conditioning for Out-of-Focus Projector Blur.
A Generalized Optical Flow Constraint and its Physical Interpretation.
Multi-Image Matching Using Multi-Scale Oriented Patches.
Learned Templates for Feature Extraction in Fingerprint Images.
A Non-Local Algorithm for Image Denoising.
Ordinal Measures for Visual Correspondence.
Damped Newton Algorithms for Matrix Factorization with Missing Data.
Motion estimation using ordinal measures.
Interactive Feature Tracking using K-D Trees and Dynamic Programming.
Piecewise Image Registration in the Presence of Multiple Large Motions.
Automatic Thermal Monitoring System (ATHEMOS) for Deception Detection.
A Sparse Support Vector Machine Approach to Region-Based Image Categorization.
Non-Rigid Metric Shape and Motion Recovery from Uncalibrated Images Using Priors.
Elliptical Head Tracking Using Intensity Gradients and Color Histograms.
Non-Metric Image-Based Rendering for Video Stabilization.
Spatiograms versus Histograms for Region-Based Tracking.
Deterioration detection for digital film restoration.
Robust Recognition of Scaled Eigenimages through a Hierarchical Approach.
Distortion-Invariant Recognition via Jittered Querie.
Modeling and Learning Contact Dynamics in Human Motion.
Recognition of Planar Object Classes.
Recognition of Human Gaits.
Using Hierarchical Shape Models to Spot Keywords in Cursive Handwriting Data.
Classifying Human Dynamics Without Contact Forces.
On a spectral attentional mechanism.
A Real-Time System for Epipolar Geometry and Ego-Motion Estimation.
Recognition via consensus of local moments of brightness and orientation.
Explaining Optical Flow Events with Parameterized Spatio-Temporal Models.
Graphical Models for Graph Matching.
Learning Parameterized Models of Image Motion.
On the Space Requirements of Indexing 3D Models from 2D Perspective Images.
Face Recognition Based on Frontal Views Generated from Non-Frontal Images.
On the Localization of Straight Lines in 3D Space from Single 2D Images.
Efficient Computation of Adaptive Threshold Surfaces for Image Binarization.
"How many planar viewing surfaces are there in noncentral catadioptric cameras?" Towards singe-image localization of space lines.
Single Image Phase-Based MRI Fat Suppression Expectation Maximization Algorithm.
Autonomous recognition: driven by ambiguit.
Action Recognition Using Probabilistic Parsing.
Eigenshapes for 3D Object Recognition in Range Data.
Gait Recognition Using Static, Activity-Specific Parameters.
Object Recognition for an Intelligent Room.
Controlling view-based algorithms using approximate world models and action information.
Regression-based Hand Pose Estimation from Multiple Cameras.
Texture Recognition Using a Non-Parametric Multi-Scale Statistical Model.
Hierarchical Organization of Appearance-Based Parts and Relations for Object Recognition.
Lie groups, Space-Variant Fourier Analysis and the Exponential Chirp Transform.
A Feature-Based Technique for Joint, Linear Estimation of High-Order Image-to-Mosaic Transformations: Application to Mosaicing the Curved Human Retina.
Shape Guided Object Segmentation.
Camera Calibration and Light Source Estimation from Images with Shadows.
Experimental Performance Evaluation of Feature Grouping Modules.
A Two-Stage Level Set Evolution Scheme for Man-Made Objects Detection in Aerial Images.
A Bayesian Framework for Radar Shape-from-Shading.
Super-Resolution from Multiple Views Using Learnt Image Models.
Modeling and Classifying Breast Tissue Density in Mammograms.
Automatic Mosaicing with Super-Resolution Zoom.
Improving Object Classification in Far-Field Video.
Point Pattern Matching with Robust Spectral Correspondence.
Performance Prediction and Validation for Object Recognition.
Toward Recovering Shape and Motion of 3D Curves from Multi-View Image Sequences.
Global Training of Document Processing Systems Using Graph Transformer Networks.
Calibration of Image Sequences for Model Visualization.
Corner Detection with Covariance Propagation.
A Methodology for Deriving Probabilistic Correctness Measures from Recognizers.
Shape from Video.
Catadioptric Self-Calibration.
Recognition of Strings Using Nonstationary Markovian Models: An Application in ZIP Code Recognition.
Structure from Motion with Known Camera Positions.
Hierarchical Part-Based Visual Object Categorization.
Linear Sequence-to-Sequence Alignment .
What Do Planar Shadows Tell About Scene Geometry?.
Shape-based Recognition Of Wiry Objects.
Flux Driven Fly Throughs.
Multi-scale Phase-based Local Features.
Remote Reality Demonstration.
Flexible Spatial Models for Grouping Local Image Features.
Robust Object Detection via Soft Cascade.
The Distinctiveness, Detectability, and Robustness of Local Image Features.
Bayesian Fusion of Camera Metadata Cues in Semantic Scene Classification.
Formulating Semantic Image Annotation as a Supervised Learning Problem.
Edge Detector Evaluation Using Empirical ROC Curves.
Acceleration Strategies for Gaussian Mean-Shift Image Segmentation.
A Hybrid Approach for Computing Visual Hulls of Complex Objects.
Unsupervised Learning in Radiology Using Novel Latent Variable Models.
Curve and Surface Reconstruction from Regular and Non-Regular Point Sets.
A hierarchical approach to high resolution edge contour reconstruction.
Adaptive Bayesian Recognition in Tracking Rigid Objects.
Head Tracking via Robust Registration in Texture Map Images.
A New Bayesian Framework for Object Recognition.
Fast, Reliable Head Tracking under Varying Illumination.
Disparity Component Matching for Visual Correspondence.
Step towards Sequence-to-Sequence Alignment.
Markov Random Fields with Efficient Approximations.
Vertical Parallax from Moving Shadows.
Model-based multi-objective analysis of ultrasound image sequences in prenatal diagnosis.
A Hybrid Graphical Model for Robust Feature Extraction from Video.
Intel's Computer Vision Library: Applications in Calibration, Stereo, Segmentation, Tracking, Gesture, Face and Object Recognition.
Nearest Neighbor Search Using Additive Binary Tree.
Brightness Perception, Dynamic Range and Noise: A Unifying Model for Adaptive Image Sensors.
Parallel Projections for Stereo Reconstruction.
Morphable 3D models from video.
Stereo Coupled Active Contours.
A Direct Method for 3D Factorization of Nonrigid Motion Observed in 2D.
A Statistical Framework for Long-Range Feature Matching in Uncalibrated Image Mosaicing.
Flexible flow for 3D nonrigid tracking and shape recovery.
A Multiple Hypothesis Approach to Figure Tracking.
Algebraic Solution for the Visual Hull.
Shadow Elimination and Occluder Light Suppression for Multi-Projector Displays.
Coupled hidden Markov models for complex action recognition.
Continuous Super-Resolution for Recovery of 1-D Image Features: Algorithm and Performance Modeling.
Motion Without Correspondence from Tomographic Projections by Bayesian Inversion Theory.
Multi-modal image registration by minimizing Kullback-Leibler distance between expected and observed joint class histograms.
Tracking Multiple Mouse Contours (without Too Many Samples).
Joint Recognition of Complex Events and Track Matching.
Learning and Recognizing Human Dynamics in Video Sequences.
Multi-Stage Target Recognition Using Modular Vector Quantizers and Multilayer Perceptrons.
Recovering Non-Rigid 3D Shape from Image Streams.
Probabilistic Kernels for the Classification of Auto-Regressive Visual Processes.
Tracking People with Twists and Exponential Maps.
Level Set Based Shape Prior Segmentation.
Searching Off-line Arabic Documents.
Using Coupled Subspace Models for Recovery of Reflectance Spectra from Airborne Images.
Reflections on the Generalized Bas-Relief Ambiguity.
Real-Time Tracking with Multiple Cues by Set Theoretic Random Search.
Cyclic Articulated Human Motion Tracking by Sequential Ancestral Simulation.
Multiple Object Tracking with Kernel Particle Filter.
Evaluation of Texture Segmentation Algorithms.
Appearance-Guided Particle Filtering for Articulated Hand Tracking.
A Bayesian Approach to Unsupervised Feature Selection and Density Estimation Using Expectation Propagation.
Probabilistic Expression Analysis on Manifolds.
Object Recognition with Color Cooccurrence Histograms.
Graph Laplacian Kernels for Object Classification from a Single Example.
Super-Resolution through Neighbor Embedding.
Robust Visual Recognition of Color Images Rozenn Dahyot, Pierre.
Random Subspaces and Subsampling for 2-D Face Recognition.
Bagging Is a Small-Data-Set Phenomenon.
Robust Point Feature Matching In Projective Space.
In Search of Illumination Invariants.
Text Identification in Complex Background Using SVM.
Learning Feature Distance Measures for Image Correspondences.
Local Discriminant Embedding and Its Variants.
Wide Area Camera Calibration Using Virtual Calibration Object.
Learning Representative Local Features for Face Detection.
Mesostructure from Specularity.
Estimation, Smoothing, and Characterization of Apparent Diffusion Coefficient Profiles from High Angular Resolution DWI.
Scale-Driven Iterative Optimization for Brain Extraction and Registration.
Anomaly Detection through Registration.
Tone Reproduction: A Perspective from Luminance-Driven Perceptual Grouping.
Multi-Object Tracking Using Dynamical Graph Matching.
A Volumetric Stereo Matching Method: Application to Image-Based Modeling.
Efficient Iterative Solution to M-View Projective Reconstruction Problem.
Robust Regression for Data with Multiple Structures.
JPDAF Based HMM or Real-Time Contour Tracking.
Indexing to 3D Model Aspects using 2D Contour Features.
Orientation Space Filtering for Multiple Orientation Line Segmentation.
Composite Templates for Cloth Modeling and Sketching.
Detecting and Reading Text in Natural Scenes.
Illumination Normalization for Face Recognition and Uneven Background Correction Using Total Variation Based Image Models.
A Generative Model of Human Hair for Hair Sketching.
MER-DIMES: A Planetary Landing Application of Computer Vision.
Establishment Shot Detection Using Qualitative Motion.
How Do Movie Viewers Perceive Scene Structure from Dynamic Cues.
Sequential Knowledge-Driven Scene Recognition Model.
Shape-From-Silhouette of Articulated Objects and its Use for Human Body Kinematics Estimation and Motion Capture.
Visual Hull Alignment and Refinement Across Time: A 3D Reconstruction Algorithm Combining Shape-From-Silhouette with Stereo.
Video Epitomes.
A Real Time System for Robust 3D Voxel Reconstruction of Human Motions.
Competitive Mixture of Deformable Models for Pattern Classification.
Local Blur Estimation and Super-Resolution.
A Divide-and-conquer Strategy in Shape from Shading Problem.
3-D Shape Reconstruction of Retinal Fundus.
Element-Free Elastic Models for Volume Fitting and Capture.
Probabilistic Recognition of Activity using Local Appearance.
Learning a Similarity Metric Discriminatively, with Application to Face Verification.
Sensor Networked Mobile Robotics.
On Modelling Nonlinear Shape-and-Texture Appearance Manifolds.
Markerless Kinematic Model and Motion Capture from Volume Sequences.
A Bayesian Approach to Digital Matting.
A New Algorithm for Non-Rigid Point Matching.
Matching with PROSAC - Progressive Sample Consensus.
Geometric Hashing with Local Affine Frames.
Two-View Geometry Estimation Unaffected by a Dominant Plane.
Tensor-based Brain Surface Modeling and Analysi.
An Integral Formulation for Differential Photometric Stereo.
Evolving Image Segmentations for the Analysis of Video Sequences.
A Rational Function Lens Distortion Model for General Cameras.
Grouping connected components using minimal path techniques. Application to reconstruction of vessels in 2D and 3D images.
Curves Matching Using Geodesic Paths.
Global Minimum for Active Contour Models: A Minimal Path Approach.
Detecting and Tracking Moving Objects for Video Surveillance.
Learning Bayesian Network Classifiers for Facial Expression Recognition using both Labeled and Unlabeled Data.
Mean-shift Blob Tracking through Scale Space.
A Space-Sweep Approach to True Multi-Image Matching.
Multi-Image Focus of Attention for Rapid Site Model Construction.
Calibration of an Outdoor Active Camera System.
A Probabilistic Framework for Embedded Face and Facial Expression Recognition.
Face Detection With Information-Based Maximum Discrimination.
Retrieval of Commercials by Video Semantics.
Nonparametric Information Fusion for Motion Estimation.
Robust analysis of feature spaces: color image segmentation.
Real-Time Tracking of Non-Rigid Objects Using Mean Shift.
A New Regularized Approach for Contour Morphing.
Shape from Equal Thickness Contours.
Model Based Segmentation of Nuclei.
Acquisition of a Large Pose-Mosaic Dataset.
Extracting Textured Vertical Facades From Controlled Close-Range Imagery.
On Representing Edge Structure for Model Matching.
Fast Compact City Modeling for Navigation Pre-Visualization.
Real-Time Connectivity Constrained Depth Map Computation Using Programmable Graphics Hardware.
Coherent Regions for Concise and Stable Image Description.
Simultaneous Extraction of Functional Face Subspaces.
Efficient Optimization of a Deformable Template Using Dynamic Programming.
Spectral Segmentation with Multiscale Graph Decomposition.
Dynamic Occluding Contours: A New External-Energy Term for Snakes.
Articulated-Pose Estimation Using Brightness and Depth-Constancy Constraints.
Feature-Based Face Recognition Using Mixture-Distance.
An Optimized Interaction Strategy for Bayesian Relevance Feedback.
Depth from Scattering.
Spatial Priors for Part-Based Recognition Using Statistical Models.
Robust Color Object Detection Using Spatial-Color Joint Probability Functions.
A Variational Framework for Image Segmentation Combining Motion Estimation and Shape Regularization.
Nonparametric Priors on the Space of Joint Intensity Distributions for Non-Rigid Multi-Modal Image Registration.
The SPS Algorithm: Patching Figural Continuity and Transparency by Split-Patch Search.
Bilayer Segmentation of Live Video.
Object Removal by Exemplar-Based Inpainting.
Scale-Space Vector Fields for Feature Analysis.
Multi-Modal Tracking of Faces for Video Communications.
Object Segmentation in Videos from Moving Camera with MRFs on Color and Motion Features.
Character extraction of license plates from video.
Hand segmentation using learning-based prediction and verification for hand sign recognition.
Fusion of Detection and Matching Based Approaches for Laser Based Multiple People Tracking.
Compact Representation of Bidirectional Texture Functions.
Polarization Multiplexing for Bidirectional Imaging.
obust Periodic Motion and Motion Symmetry Detection.
Real-Time Periodic Motion Detection, Analysis, and Applications.
Computing 3D Object Parts from Similarities among Object Views.
Estimating the photorealism of images: Distinguishing paintings from photographs.
Using Bilinear Models for View-invariant Action and Identity Recognition.
Histograms of Oriented Gradients for Human Detection.
Shape-Based Approach to Robust Image Segmentation using Kernel PCA.
Histogram Model for 3D Textures.
Reflectance and Texture of Real-World Surfaces Authors.
Active Intrinsic Calibration Using Vanishing Points.
Video-Rate Stereo Depth Measurement on Programmable Hardware.
A Radial Cumulative Similarity Transform for Robust Image Correspondence.
Integrated Person Tracking Using Stereo, Color, and Pattern Detection.
Magic Morphin' Mirror: Person Detection and Tracking.
Active Face Tracking and Pose Estimation in an Interactive Room.
FOCUS: Searching for Multi-colored Objects in a Diverse Image Database.
On 3-D Surface Reconstruction Using Shape from Shadows.
Convexity Analysis of Active Contour Problems.
Simultaneous Pose and Correspondence Determination using Line Feature.
Mosaics of Scenes with Moving Objects.
The Representation and Recognition of Human Movement Using Temporal Templates.
Categorical Representation and Recognition of Oscillatory Motion Patterns.
Spacetime Stereo: A Unifying Framework for Depth from Triangulation.
3D Simultaneous Localisation and Map-Building Using Active Vision for a Robot Moving on Undulating Terrain.
The Integration of Optical Flow and Deformable Models with Applications to Human Face Shape and Motion Estimation.
The Integration of Optical Flow and Deformable Models with Applications to Human Face Shape and Motion Estimation.
Combining Information using Hard Constraints.
High-Zoom Video Hallucination by Exploiting Spatio-Temporal Regularities.
A Dynamic Bayesian Network Model for Autonomous 3D Reconstruction from a Single Indoor Image.
Using the Condensation Algorithm for Robust, Vision-based Mobile Robot Localization.
Mixture Trees for Modeling and Fast Conditional Sampling with Applications in Vision and Graphics.
Structure from Motion without Correspondence.
A Projective Framework for Scene Segmentation in the Presence of Moving Objects.
Advanced Gaussian MRF Rotation-Invariant Texture Features for Classification of Remote Sensing Imagery.
Color Image Segmentation.
Approximation of Canonical Sets and Their Applications to 2D View Simplification.
Homotopy-Based Computation of Defocus Blur and Affine Transform.
Discriminative Training for Object Recognition Using Image Patches.
Articulated Body Motion Capture by Annealed Particle Filtering.
Automatic Partitioning of High Dimensional Search Spaces Associated with Articulated Body Motion Capture.
From projective to Euclidean reconstruction.
Multi-Camera Scene Flow by Tracking 3-D Points and Surfels.
Toward Optimal Kernel-based Tracking.
Reconstruction of 3-D Figure Motion from 2-D Correspondences.
Accurate Face Models from Uncalibrated and Ill-Lit Video Sequences.
Flux Invariants for Shape.
Robust and Efficient Skeletal Graphs.
Multi-Resolution Spin-Images.
Supervised Learning of Edges and Object Boundaries.
Adaptive Metric nearest Neighbor Classification.
Sparse Representations for Image Decomposition with Occlusions.
Bayesian Super-Resolution of Text in Video with a Text-Specific Bimodal Prior.
A New Semi-Supervised EM Algorithm for Image Retrieval.
A Subspace Approach to Layer Extraction.
Efficient Maximally Stable Extremal Region (MSER) Tracking.
Fitting Undeformed Superquadrics to Range Data: Improving Model Recovery and Classification.
Detecting Dynamic Behavior in Compressed Fingerprint Videos: Distortion.
Modeling Dynamic Scenes with Active Appearance.
Editable Dynamic Textures.
Stereo Correspondence from Motion Correspondence.
Simultaneous Modeling and Tracking (SMAT) of Feature Sets.
Bagging in Computer Vision.
Statistics of Real-World Illumination.
Example-Based Style Synthesis.
Geo-Consistency for Wide Multi-Camera Stereo.
Improving Border Localization of Multi-Baseline Stereo Using Border-Cut.
Visual Tracking and Control using Lie Algebras.
An MIMD Computing Platform for a Hierarchical Foveal Machine Vision System.
Fast Focal Length Solution in Partial Panoramic Image Stitching.
Matching Images with Different Resolutions.
A Fast Scheme for Altering Resolution in the Compressed Domain.
Activity Recognition and Abnormality Detection with the Switching Hidden Semi-Markov Model.
Learning 2D Shape Models.
The Customized-Queries Approach to CBIR Using EM.
Scalable Monocular SLAM.
Automatic View Recognition in Echocardiogram Videos Using Parts-Based Representation.
Seamless Image Stitching of Scenes with Large Motions and Exposure Differences.
A General Scheme for Training and Optimization of the Grenander Deformable Template Model.
Appearance Matching of Occluded Objects Using Coarse-to-fine Adaptive Masks.
Towards Reliable Fusion of Segmented Surface Descriptions.
Improving Identification Performance by Integrating Evidence from Sequences.
Simultaneous linear estimation of multiple view geometry and lens distortion.
Detecting Binocular Half-Occlusions: Empirical Comparisons of Four Approaches.
Joint Manifold Distance: a new approach to appearance based clustering.
Image Denoising Via Learned Dictionaries and Sparse representation.
Motion Feature Detection Using Steerable Flow Fields.
Image Denoising with Shrinkage and Redundant Representations.
Statistics of Shape via Principal Geodesic Analysis on Lie Groups.
Bending Invariant Representations for Surfaces.
Inconsistencies in Edge Detector Evaluation.
Image Editing in the Contour Domain.
Elastic Registration of Medical Images Using Radial Basis Functions with Compact Support.
Contour Grouping with Strong Prior Models.
A robust and convergent iterative approach for determining the dominant plane from two views without correspondence and calibration.
Space Scale Localization, Blur, and Contour-Based Image Coding.
Sampling, Resampling and Colour Constancy.
Learning to Track: Conceptual Manifold Map for Closed-Form Tracking.
Body plans.
Efficient Non-Parametric Adaptive Color Modeling Using Fast Gauss Transform.
Efficient Spatiotemporal Grouping Using the Nystro"m Method.
Probabilistic Tracking in Joint Feature-Spatial Spaces.
Learning Affinity Functions for Image Segmentation: Combining Patch-based and Gradient-based Approaches.
Separating Style and Content on a Nonlinear Manifold.
Surface Reconstruction from Multiple Aerial Images in Dense Urban Area.
Inferring 3D Body Pose from Silhouettes Using Activity Manifold Learning.
RANSAC for (Quasi-)Degenerate data (QDEGSAC).
Learning Dynamics for Exemplar-based Gesture Recognition .
A Mean Field EM-algorithm for Coherent Occlusion Handling in MAP-Estimation Prob.
Learning Object Shape: From Drawings to Images.
Robust Data Clustering.
Novel Region-Based Modeling for Human Detection within Highly Dynamic Aquatic Environment.
Provably Fast Algorithms for Contour Tracking.
Identifying Semantically Equivalent Object Fragments.
Energy Minimization via Graph Cuts: Settling What is Possible.
Satellite Features for the Classification of Visually Similar Classes.
Illumination-Invariant Tracking via Graph Cuts.
Non-Rigid Object Tracking using Performance Evaluation Measures as Feedback.
Interactive Graph Cut Based Segmentation with Shape Priors.
Quantitative Evaluation of a Novel Image Segmentation Algorithm.
Learning bilinear models for two-factor problems in vision.
Background Modeling for Segmentation of Video-Rate Stereo Sequences.
Shape-Time Photography.
Non parametric motion recognition using temporal multiscale Gibbs models.
Filling In Scenes by Propagating Probabilities through Layers and Into Appearance Models.
Learning the Semantics of Images by Using Unlabeled Samples.
Mixtures of Local Linear Subspaces for Face Recognition.
A Combined Feature-Texture Similarity Measure for Face Alignment under.
Estimating Mixture Models of Images and Inferring Spatial Transformations Using the EM Algorithm.
Multiple Collaborative Kernel Tracking.
Learning Appearance and Transparency Manifolds of Occluded Objects in Layers.
Locally Linear Models on Face Appearance Manifolds with Application to Dual-Subspace Based Classification.
A Robust Clustering Algorithm Based on Competitive Agglomeration and Soft Rejection of Outliers.
Efficient Optimal Kernel Placement for Reliable Visual Tracking.
Constructing 3D City Models by Merging Ground-Based and Airborne Views.
Multibody Motion Segmentation Based on Simulated Annealing.
3D Model Generation for Cities Using Aerial Photographs and Ground Level Laser Scans.
Inference of Multiple Subspaces from High-Dimensional Data and Application to Multibody Grouping.
A Projector-Camera System with Real-Time Photometric Adaptation for Dynamic Environments.
A Road Sign Recognition System Based on Dynamic Visual Model.
A Projector-Camera System with Real-Time Photometric Adaptation for Dynamic Environments.
Hybrid Models for Human Motion Recognition.
The use of hybrid models to recover cardiac wall motion in tagged MR images.
Reconstruction with Interval Constraints Propagation.
An On-Line Learning Mechanism for Unsupervised Classification and Topology Representation.
Aligning ASL for Statistical Translation Using a Discriminative Word Model.
Efficient Stereo with Multiple Windowing.
Separating Reflections and Lighting Using Independent Components Analysis.
Progressive Probabilistic Hough Transform for Line Detection.
Occupant Classification System for Automotive Airbag Suppression.
3D Models Coding and Morphing for Efficient Video Compression.
3D Shape from Anisotropic Diffusion.
Multiscale Segmentation by Combining Motion and Intensity Cues.
Seeing Beyond Occlusions (and other marvels of a finite lens aperture).
Virtual Snakes for Occlusion Analysis.
A Variational Approach to Scene Reconstruction and Image Segmentation from Motion-Blur Cues.
Detection of Obstacles in the Flight Path of an Aircraft.
Efficient Regularity-Based Grouping.
Bayesian Image Segmentation Using Wavelet-Based Priors.
Transforming Camera Geometry to A Virtual Downward-Looking Camera: Robust Ego-Motion Estimation and Ground-Layer Detection.
Learning Models for Object Recognition.
Bayesian Learning of Sparse Classifiers.
Robust Subspace Clustering by Combined Use of kNND Metric and SVD Algorithm.
Representation and Detection of Deformable Shapes.
Adaptive B-Splines and Boundary Estimation.
Efficient Matching of Pictorial Structures.
A Theory of Selection for Gamut Mapping Color Constancy.
Robust L Norm Factorization in the Presence of Outliers and Missing Data by Alternative Convex Programming.
Efficient Belief Propagation for Early Vision.
Colour Constancy Using the Chromagenic Constraint.
Uncertainty Models in Quasiconvex Optimization for Geometric Reconstruction.
Image Segmentation Using Local Variation.
Self-Normalized Linear Tests.
Tomographic Reconstruction Using Curve Evolution.
A Design Principle for Coarse-to-Fine Classification.
Multiple Bernoulli Relevance Models for Image and Video Annotation.
A Refractive Camera for Acquiring Stereo and Super-resolution Images.
Scene Segmentation from 3D Motion.
Error Analysis of Background Adaption.
A Comparative Technique and Performance Results on Novel Learned Snakes in Two Dissimilar Medical Domains.
Feature-Level Fusion in Personal Identification.
Object Class Recognition by Unsupervised Scale-Invariant Learning.
Integrated Learning of Saliency, Complex Features, and Object Detectors from Cluttered Scenes.
A Sparse Object Category Model for Efficient Learning and Exhaustive Recognition.
An Adaptive Algorithm for Text Detection from Natural Scenes.
The confounding of translation and rotation in reconstruction from multiple views.
Estimation of Blood Flow Speed and Vessel Location from Thermal Video.
Motion Segmentation: A Synergistic Approach.
Efficient Approximation of Range Images Through Data-Dependent Adaptive Triangulations.
Statistical Biases in Optic Flow.
Detection and Removal of Rain from Videos.
Real-time affine region tracking and coplanar grouping.
Bayesian 3D Modeling from Images Using Multiple Depth Maps.
Wide-baseline Multiple-view Correspondences.
VADIS: A Video Analysis, Display and Indexing System.
Integrating Multiple Model Views for Object Recognition.
Performance Characterization and Comparison of Video Indexing Algorithms.
ARTag, a Fiducial Marker System Using Digital Techniques.
3-D model-based tracking of humans in action: a multi-view approach.
Hierarchical Statistical Learning of Generic Parts of Object Structure.
Virtual Sample Generation For Template-Based Shape Matching.
Color-Based Tracking of Heads and Other Mobile Objects at Video Frame Rates.
Database-Guided Segmentation of Anatomical Structures with Complex Appearance.
Convex and Non-convex Illuminant Constraints for Dichromatic Colour Constancy.
PCA-SIFT: A More Distinctive Representation for Local Image Descriptors.
Perceptual Grouping and Segmentation by Stochastic Clustering.
Automatic Hierarchical Classification of Silhouettes of 3D Objects.
Stochastic Image Segmentation by Typical Cuts.
Image-Segmentation Evaluation From the Perspective of Salient Object Extraction.
Visual Organization for Figure/Ground Separation.
Salient and Multiple Illusory Surfaces.
A region-level graph labeling approach to motion-based segmentation.
Parameterized Image Varieties and Estimation with Bilinear Constraints.
Probabilistic Data Association Methods in Visual Tracking of Group.
Segmentation for Robust Tracking in the Presence of Severe Occlusion.
Making One Object Look Like Another: Controlling Appearance Using a Projector-Camera System.
Illumination Cones for Recognition under Variable Lighting: Faces.
Are two rotational flows sufficient to calibrate a smooth non-parametric sensor?.
Image Retrieval and Segmentation based on Color Invariants.
Models of Large Population Recognition Performance.
Detecting People in Cluttered Indoor Scenes.
Measurement of Color Invariants.
Linear Combination Representation for Outlier Detection in Motion Tracking.
Color Constant Ratio Gradients for Image Segmentation and Similarity of Texture Objects.
Multi-View 3D Analysis with Applications for Augmented Reality and Enhanced Video Visualization.
Combining Region Splitting and Edge Detection through Guided Delaunay Image Subdivision.
Vehicle Fingerprinting for Reacquisition and Tracking in Videos.
Structure and Motion from Uncalibrated Catadioptric Views.
Learning Similarity Measure for Natural Image Retrieval with Relevance Feedback.
Person Reidentification Using Spatiotemporal Appearance.
Learning-Based Building Outline Detection from Multiple Aerial Images.
Tangent-Corrected Embedding.
Restoration and Recognition in a Loop.
Target Detection in Foveal ATR Systems.
Euclidean Structure from Confocal Conics: Theory and Application to Camera Calibration.
A Formal Classification of 3D Medial Axis Points and Their Local Geometry.
Methods and Geometry for Plane-Based Self-Calibration.
On the Intrinsic Reconstruction of Shape from its Symmetries.
Kernel-based Template Alignment.
Morphological Color Quantization.
A Discriminative Feature Space for Detecting and Recognizing Faces.
A Boundary Extraction Method Based on Dual-T-Snakes and Dynamic Programming.
Histogram Preserving Image Transformations.
How Features of the Human Face Affect Recognition: A Statistical Comparison of Three Face Recognition Algorithms.
Spatial Information in Multiresolution Histograms.
Diffeomorphic Matching of Distributions: A New Approach for Unlabelled Point-Sets and Sub-Manifolds Matching.
Dimensionality Reduction by Learning an Invariant Mapping.
Projective registration with difference decomposition.
Real-time tracking of image regions with changes in geometry and illumination.
Higher Order Whitening of Natural Images.
Multiple Kernel Tracking with SSD.
Scale Variant Image Pyramids.
Motion of Disturbances: Detection and Tracking of multi-Body non-Rigid Motion.
Rectified Catadioptric Stereo Sensors.
Learning a manifold-constrained map between image sets: applications to matching and pose estimation.
Rectifying Transformations That Minimize Resampling Effects.
Gesture Localization and Recognition using Probabilistic Visual Learning.
Planar Catadioptric Stereo: Geometry and Calibration.
Detection and Explanation of Anomalous Activities: Representing Activities as Bags of Event n-Grams.
Fast Wide Baseline Matching for Visual Navigation.
Efficient Real-Time Algorithms for Eye State and Head Pose Tracking in Advanced Driver Support Systems.
Multi-View Stereo Revisited.
Statistical Feature Fusion for Gait-Based Human Recognition.
/spl lambda//spl tau/-space representation of images and generalized edge detector.
Incremental Density Approximation and Kernel-Based Bayesian Filtering for Object Tracking.
A New 3-D Pattern Recognition Technique With Application to Computer Aided Colonoscopy.
Reconstruction of a Scene with Multiple Linearly Moving Objects.
3D Head Tracking Based on Recognition and Interpolation Using a Time-of-Flight Depth Sensor.
A Fuzzy K-NN Algorithm Using Weights from the Variance of Membership Values.
Graph matching by graduated assignment.
Multibody Factorization with Uncertainty and Missing Data Using the EM Algorithm.
Constrained Minimum Cut for Classification Using Labeled and Unlabeled Data.
Affine Arithmetic Based Estimation of Cue Distributions in Deformable Model Tracking.
Stereo Based Gesture Recognition Invariant to 3D Pose and Lighting.
3D Facial Tracking from Corrupted Movie Sequences.
Efficient Nonparametric Belief Propagation with Application to Articulated Body Tracking.
Joint 3D-Reconstruction and Background Separation in Multiple Views using Graph Cuts.
A Topology Preserving Deformable Model Using Level Sets.
Space-Time Isosurface Evolution for Temporally Coherent 3D Reconstruction.
A 2D Moving Grid Geometric Deformable Model.
Fixed Topology Skeletons.
An Algorithm for Multiple Object Trajectory Tracking.
Cloth Representation by Shape from Shading with Shading Primitives.
Video Summarization Using Singular Value Decomposition.
Kernel-Based Bayesian Filtering for Object Tracking.
Image Indexing and Retrieval Based on Human Perceptual Color Clustering.
The Contracting Curve Density Algorithm and its Application to Model-based Image Segmentation.
Near Real-Time Reliable Stereo Matching Using Programmable Graphics Hardware.
Learning Probabilistic Distribution Model for Multi-View Face Detection.
Face Recognition Based on Nearest Linear Combinations.
Computing Depth under Ambient Illumination Using Multi-Shuttered Light.
Yet another Method for Pose Estimation: A Probabilistic Approach using Points, Lines, and Cylinders.
Mirror and Point Symmetry under Perspective Skewing.
Multiscale Image Registration Using Scale Trace Correlation.
Background Estimation and Removal Based on Range and Color.
A Weighted Non-Negative Matrix Factorization for Local Representations.
An Efficient Recursive Factorization Method for Determining Structure from Motion.
Shape Representation and Classification Using the Poisson Equation.
Eye Typing off the Shelf.
Guided Sampling via Weak Motion Models and Outlier Sample Generation for Epipolar Geometry Estimation.
Scene Text Extraction and Translation for Handheld Devices.
Range Image Segmentation by Surface Extraction Using an Improved Robust Estimator.
Detection and Tracking of Shopping Groups in Stores.
A New Deformable Model for Boundary Tracking in Cardiac MRI and Its Application to the Detection of Intra-Ventricular Dyssynchrony.
W4: A Real Time System for Detecting and Tracking People.
Direct Super-Resolution and Registration Using Raw CFA Images.
Detecting and Tracking Eyes by Using Their Physiological Properties, Dynamics, and Appearance.
Combining Two-view Constraints For Motion Estimation.
Reconstruction from Six-Point Sequences.
Lie-Algebraic Averaging for Globally Consistent Motion Estimation.
A Critical Configuration for Reconstruction from Rectilinear Motion.
A Tensor Decomposition for Geometric Grouping and Segmentation.
L-8Minimization in Geometric Reconstruction Problems.
On-line Boosting and Vision.
The Multibody Trifocal Tensor: Motion Segmentation from 3 Perspective Views.
Multilabel Random Walker Image Segmentation Using Prior Models.
Lip reading from scale-space measurements.
Computing Exact Discrete Minimal Surfaces: Extending and Solving the Shortest Path Problem in 3D with Application to Segmentation.
Fast, Integrated Person Tracking and Activity Recognition with Plan-View Templates from a Single Stereo Camera.
Faster Graph-Theoretic Image Processing via Small-World and Quadtree Topologies.
Robust Centerline Extraction Framework Using Level Sets.
Analytically Solving Radial Distortion Parameters.
Accurate Tracking of Monotonically Advancing Fronts.
Norm-Based Face Recognition.
Stereo without Depth Search and Metric Calibration.
Communication via Eye Blinks - Detection and Duration Analysis in Real Time.
Hierarchical Recognition of Articulated Objects from Single Perspective Views.
Fast Contour Matching Using Approximate Earth Mover's Distance.
Computing Optical Flow with Physical Models of Brightness Variation.
Efficient Image Matching with Distributions of Local Invariant Features.
Inference of segmented, volumetric shape from three intensity images.
Unsupervised Learning of Categories from Sets of Partially Matching Image Features.
A Detection Technique for Degraded Face Images.
A Bayesian Approach to Image-Based Visual Hull Reconstruction.
Visual Landmarks Detection and Recognition for Mobile Robot Navigation.
The Sample Tree: A Sequential Hypothesis Testing Approach to 3D Object Recognition.
Multiscale Conditional Random Fields for Image Labeling.
Efficient Tracking with the Bounded Hough Transform.
Object-Based Video Indexing for Virtual Studio Productions.
Simultaneous Tracking and Verification via Sequential Posterior Estimation.
Statistical Modeling and Performance Characterization of a Real-Time Dual Camera Surveillance System.
Simultaneous Feature Selection and Classifier Training via Linear Programming: A Case Study for Face Expression Recognition.
Robust Change Detection by Fusing Intensity and Texture Differences.
The Systematic Design and Analysis Cycle of a Vision System: A Case Study in Video Surveillance.
Using physics-based invariant representations for the recognition of regions in multispectral satellite images.
Deformable Object Tracking Using the Boundary Element Method.
Invariant Recognition in Hyperspectral Images.
Using Adaptive Tracking to Classify and Monitor Activities in a Site.
Segmenting 3-D Surfaces Using Multicolored Illumination.
What is the Space of Camera Response Functions?
Adaptive Quasiconformal Kernel Metric for Image Retrieval.
Comparison of Edge Detectors: A Methodology and Initial Study.
A Four-step Camera Calibration Procedure with Implicit Image Correction.
Tracking non-rigid, moving objects based on color cluster flow.
Feature Reduction and Hierarchy of Classifiers for Fast Object Detection in Video Images.
Component-based Face Detection.
3D Geometric Invariant Alignment of Surfaces with Application in Brain Mapping.
Canonical Decomposition of Steerable Functions.
A Robust and Efficient Motion Segmentation Based on Orthogonal Projection Matrix of Shape Space.
A Simple Bayesian Framework for Content-Based Image Retrieval.
Invariant histograms and deformable template matching for SAR target recognition.
An Energy-Based Framework for Dense 3D Registration of Volumetric Brain Images.
Implicit Meshes for Modeling and Reconstruction.
Recognizing 3D Objects by Generating Random Actions.
Implicit Surfaces Make for Better Silhouettes.
Contextual Classification by Entropy-Based Polygonization.
Equivalence of Non-Iterative Algorithms for Simultaneous Low Rank Approximations of Matrices.
Dense Image Matching with Global and Local Statistical Criteria: A Variational Approach.
Visual Recognition of Multi-Agent Action Using Binary Temporal Relations.
Learning Distance Functions for Image Retrieval.
Real-time closed-world tracking.
Enhancing Image and Video Retrieval: Learning via Equivalence Constraint.
Mixtures of Trees for Object Recognition.
Shape and Materials by Example: A Photometric Stereo Approach.
Applying Perceptual Grouping to Content-Based Image Retrieval: Building Images.
3D Object Recognition from Range Images using Local Feature Histograms.
PAMPAS: Real-Valued Graphical Models for Computer Vision.
Matching, Reconstructing and Grouping 3D Lines From Multiple Views Using Uncertain Projective Geometry.
Projective Rectification Without Epipolar Geometry.
Euclidean Reconstruction from Image Sequences with Varying and Unknown Focal Length and Principal Point.
Multi-Scale Feature Selection in Stereo.
Catadioptric Sensors that Approximate Wide-Angle Perspective Projections.
Segmentation by Grouping Junctions.
Geometric Distributions for Catadioptric Sensor Design.
A Principled Approach to Detecting Surprising Events in Video.
The Method of Vector Fields for Catadioptric Sensor Design with Applications to Panoramic Imaging.
Real-Time Estimation of Human Body Posture from Monocular Thermal Images.
Alpha Channel Estimation in High Resolution Images and Image Sequences.
Calibration of a Structured Light System: A Projective Approach.
Generation of the Euclidean Skeleton from the Vector Distance Map by a Bisector Decision Rule.
Accurate and Efficient Stereo Processing by Semi-Global Matching and Mutual Information.
Outlier Detection in Video Sequences under Affine Projection.
ALIP: The Automatic Linguistic Indexing of Pictures System.
Stereo Vision in Structured Environments by Consistent Semi-Global Matching.
Linear Fitting with Missing Data: Applications to Structure-from-Motion and to Characterizing Intensity Images.
Video to Reference Image Alignment in the Presence of Sparse Features and Appearance Change.
3-D to 2-D Recognition with Regions.
Depth Measurement by the Multi-Focus Camera.
Comparing Images under Variable Illumination.
Level Set Active Contours on Unstructured Point Cloud.
Unstructured Point Cloud Matching within Graph-Theoretic and Thermodynamic Frameworks.
Visual Tracking Using Learned Linear Subspaces.
Image Based View Synthesis of Articulated Agents.
Clustering Appearances of Objects Under Varying Illumination Conditions.
Using Stationary-Dynamic Camera Assemblies for Wide-area Video Surveillance and Selective Attention.
Representation and Recognition of Complex Human Motion.
FingerCode: A Filterbank for Fingerprint Representation and Matching.
Value Directed Learning of Gestures and Facial Displays.
Using Language to Drive the Perceptual Grouping of Local Image Features.
A Semi-Supervised Active Learning Framework for Image Retrieval.
Radiometric Calibration of a Helmholtz Stereo Rig.
Learning Distance Metrics with Contextual Constraints for Image Retrieval.
Hierarchical Decision Making Scheme for Sports Video Categorisation with Temporal Post-Processing.
Putting Objects in Perspective.
Online Detection and Classification of Moving Objects Using Progressively Improving Detectors.
Object-Based Image Retrieval Using the Statistical Structure of Images.
Appearance Modeling for Tracking in Multiple Non-Overlapping Cameras.
A Discriminative Framework for Modelling Object Classes.
Effect of Colorspace Transformation, the Illuminance Component, and Color Modeling on Skin Detection.
Segment-Based Stereo Matching Using Graph Cuts.
Building Reconstruction from Optical and Range Images.
Learning Patterns from Images by Combining Soft Decisions and Hard Decisions.
Parametrized structure from motion for 3D adaptive feedback tracking of faces.
Shape Representation based on Integral Kernels: Application to Image Matching and Segmentation.
Reconstruction of Linearly Parameterized Models from Single Images with a Camera of Unknown Focal Length.
Representation and Optimal Recognition of Human Activities.
From Parametric Warping to the Cooperation of Local Features and Global Models.
Video Content Annotation Using Visual Analysis and a Large Semantic Knowledgebase.
Robust Online Appearance Models for Visual Tracking.
Fuzzy Convergence.
Multi-Resolution Patch Tensor for Facial Expression Hallucination.
Joint Detection for Potsherds of Broken Earthenware.
Image Repairing: Robust Image Synthesis by Adaptive ND Tensor Voting.
Hierarchical Volumetric Multi-view Stereo Reconstruction of Manifold Surfaces based on Dual Graph Embedding.
Video Repairing: Inference of Foreground and Background under Severe Occlusion.
Learning Boosted Asymmetric Classifiers for Object Detection.
Mapping Low-Level Features to High-Level Semantic Concepts in Region-Based Image Retrieval.
Direct Appearance Models.
Successive Convex Matching for Action Detection.
Integrating Color, Texture, and Geometry for Image Retrieval.
S-AdaBoost and Pattern Detection in Complex Environment.
SiteCity: A Semi-Automated Site Modelling System.
Optimizing Motion Estimation with Linear Programming and Detail-Preserving Variational Method.
The Role of Domain Knowledge in the Detection of Retinal Hard Exudates.
Accelerated Kernel Feature Analysis.
Pose Estimation, Model Refinement, and Enhanced Visualization Using Video.
Panoramic 3D Reconstruction Using Rotational Stereo Camera with Simple Epipolar Constraints.
A High-Resolution Panoramic Camer.
Recovering the Geometry of Single Axis Motions by Conic Fitting.
Multi-Scale Visual Tracking by Sequential Belief Propagation.
Practical Super-Resolution from Dynamic Video Sequences.
Measurement integration under inconsistency for robust tracking.
Face Alignment Using Statistical Models and Wavelet Features.
Learning to Estimate Human Pose with Data Driven Belief Propagation.
Shedding Light on Stereoscopic Segmentation.
Object Recognition Using Appearance-Based Parts and Relations.
Visual Tracking in the Presence of Motion Blur.
Tracking Multiple Objects through Occlusions.
Real-Time 3-D Motion and Structure of Point-Features: A Front-End for Vision-Based Control and Interaction.
Tracking Multiple Objects through Occlusions.
Context and Hierarchy in a Probabilistic Image Model.
Image Indexing Using Color Correlograms.
Stereoscopic Shading: Integrating Mult1Frame Shape Cues in a Variational Framework.
Large-scale Learning with SVM and Convolutional for Generic Object Categorization.
Multi-view Stereo Beyond Lambert.
Contour-Based Structure from Reflection.
Surface Landmark Selection and Matching in Natural Terrain.
Statistics of Range Images.
The Acquisition and Use of Interaction Behavior Models.
Jensen-Shannon Boosting Learning for Object Recognition.
Recognizing Objects by Matching Oriented Points.
Statistics of Natural Images and Models.
Efficient Multiple Model Recognition in Cluttered 3-D Scenes.
MetaMorphs: Deformable Shape and Texture Models.
Capturing Image Structure with Probabilistic Index Maps.
Minimum Effective Dimension for Mixtures of Subspaces: A Robust GPCA Algorithm and Its Applications.
Learning Flexible Sprites in Video Layers.
A Graphical Model Framework for Coupling MRFs and Deformable Models.
Computer Modeling, Analysis and Synthesis of Dressed Humans.
Deformable Pedal Curves with Application to Face Contour Extraction.
Transformed Hidden Markov Models: Estimating Mixture Models of Images and Inferring Spatial Transformations in Video Sequence.
Learning Classifiers from Imbalanced Data Based on Biased Minimax Probability Machine.
Escaping local minima through hierarchical model selection: Automatic object discovery, segmentation, and tracking in video.
3D Modeling Using a Statistical Sensor Model and Stochastic Search.
Image Segmentation Based on the Integration of Pixel Affinity and Deformable Models.
Parts-Based 3D Object Classification.
Hierarchical Morphable Models.
Multisensor Integration for Building Modeling.
Statistical Color Models with Application to Skin Detection.
Fuzzy Relational Distance for Large-Scale Object Recognition.
A New Analysis Framework for Relevance Feedback-Driven Similarity Measure Refinement in Content-Based Image Retrieval.
Finding Folds: On the Appearance and Identification of Occlusion.
Detection and Removal of Line Scratches in Motion Picture Films.
Extended Performance Graphs for Cluster Retrieval.
Multiple Face Model of Hybrid Fourier Feature for Large Face Image Set.
Adaptive Balloon Models.
Recognizing Three-Dimensional Objects by Comparing Two-Dimensional Images.
Object Detection Using 2D Spatial Ordering Constraints.
Bayesian Face Recognition Using Support Vector Machine and Face Clustering.
Skin and Bones: Multi-layer, Locally Affine, Optical Flow and Regularization with Transparency.
Analysis of Gesture and Action in Technical Talks for Video Indexing.
Active Graph Cuts.
Local Appearance for Robust Object Recognition.
Camera Trajectory Estimation Using Inertial Sensor Measurements and Structure from Motion Results.
Real time 3D template matching.
Scale-Invariant Shape Features for Recognition of Object Categories.
Critical Configurations for N-view Projective Reconstruction.
Critical Motions in Euclidean Structure from Motion.
Gesture recognition using the Perseus architecture.
Model-based estimation of 3D human motion with occlusion based on active multi-viewpoint selection.
Multimodal Face Recognition: Combination of Geometry with Physiological Information.
8D-THERMO CAM: Combination of Geometry with Physiological Information for Face Recognition.
A Joint Illumination and Shape Model for Visual Tracking.
Statistical Analysis of Local 3D Structure in 2D Images.
Are Multifractal Multipermuted Multinomial Measures Good Enough for Unsupervised Image Segmentation?
Ill-Posed Problems in Surface and Surface Shape Recovery.
Fingerprint Preselection Using Eigenfeatures.
An Open Problem in Matching Sets of 3D Lines.
An Invariant, Closed-Form Solution for Matching Sets of 3D Lines.
Matching 3-D arcs.
Automatic Aircraft Recognition: Toward Using Human Similarity Measure in a Recognition System.
A Stereo Machine for Video-Rate Dense Depth Mapping and Its New Applications.
Feature Selection for Reliable Tracking using Template Matching.
Continuous Tracking Within and Across Camera Streams.
Space-Time Video Montage.
Correlated Label Propagation with Application to Multi-label Learning.
A Dependency-based Framework of Combining Multiple Experts for the Recognition of Unconstrained Handwritten Numerals.
3-D Scene Data Recovery using Omnidirectional Multibaseline Stereo.
Handling Occlusions in Dense Multi-view Stereo.
Visual Tunnel Analysis for Visibility Prediction and Camera Planning.
Characterization of errors in compositing panoramic images.
Vehicle Segmentation and Tracking from a Low-Angle Off-Axis Camera.
Theory for Variational Area-Based Segmentation Using Non-Quadratic Penalty Functions.
A Unified Framework for Tracking through Occlusions and across Sensor Gaps.
Distributed Cost Boosting and Bounds on Mis-classification Cost.
Learning to Segment Images Using Region-Based Perceptual Features.
Spatio-Temporal Analysis of Omni Image.
Light Field Rendering for Large-Scale Scenes.
Computer Vision for Music Identification.
Computer Vision for Music Identification: Video Demonstration.
The Design of High-Level Features for Photo Quality Assessment.
Full Body Tracking from Multiple Views Using Stochastic Sampling.
Implicit similarity: a new approach to multi-sensor image registration.
Algebraically Accurate Volume Registration Using Euler's Theorem and the 3-D Pseudo-Polar FFT.
Indexing with Unknown Illumination and Pose.
Visual Concepts for News Story Tracking: Analyzing and Exploiting the NIST TRECVID Video Annotation Experiment.
Video Scene Segmentation via Continuous Video Coherence.
An Axiomatic Approach to Corner Detection.
Generic Model Abstraction from Examples.
Many-to-Many Graph Matching via Metric Embedding.
Improving Continuous Gesture Recognition with Spoken Prosody.
Minimum-Entropy Models of Scene Activity.
Bayesian Multi-Camera Surveillance.
A Rao-Blackwellized Particle Filter for EigenTracking.
Multitarget Tracking with Split and Merged Measurements.
Object Based Segmentation of Video Using Color, Motion and Spatial Information.
Pixels that Sound.
Recognition of Handwritten Phrases as Applied to Street Name Images.
Automatic Description of Buildings with Complex Rooftops from Multiple Images.
Content-based trademark retrieval system using visually salient features.
Independent Component Analysis in a Facial Local Residue Space.
A Dense Stereo Matching Using Two-Pass Dynamic Programming with Generalized Ground Control Points.
Radiometric Alignment of Image Sequences.
Discriminative Learning of Mixture of Bayesian Network Classifiers for Sequence Classification.
Images as embedding maps and minimal surfaces: movies, color, and volumetric medical images.
A Convolver-Based Real-Time Stereo Machine (SAZAN).
Facial Expression Recognition and Its Degree Estimatio.
Camera Model Selection Based on Geometric AIC.
Skeletal Parameter Estimation from Optical Motion Capture Data.
Skeletal Parameter Estimation from Optical Motion Capture Data.
Correspondence between Different View Breast X-Rays Using a Simulation of Breast Deformation.
Face Verification Using Error Correcting Output Codes.
A Weighted Combination of Classifiers Employing Shared and Distinct Representations.
Interaction with On-Screen Objects using Visual Gesture Recognition.
Camera Calibration from a Single Night Sky Image.
Linear Auto-Calibration for Ground Plane Motion.
Selecting Ghosts and Queues from a Car Trackers Output Using a Spatio-Temporal Query Language.
Bottom-Up & Top-down Object Detection using Primal Sketch Features and Graphical Models.
Bi-Layer Segmentation of Binocular Stereo Video.
Bi-Layer Segmentation of Binocular Stereo Video.
Image Matching Using Photometric Information.
Hand Tracking with Flocks of Features.
Image Completion Using Global Optimization.
On Solving 2D and 3D Puzzles Using Curve Matching.
A Framework of 2D Fisher Discriminant Analysis: Application to Face Recognition with Small Number of Training Samples.
Scene-Adapted Structured Light.
Statistical cues for Domain Specific Image Segmentation with Performance Analysis.
Fundamental Bounds on Edge Detection: An Information Theoretic Evaluation of Different Edge Cues.
Retinal Thickness Measurements in Optical Coherence Tomography Using a Markov Boundary Model.
Tracking the Optic Nerve Head in OCT Video Using Dual Eigenspaces and an Adaptive Vascular Distribution Model.
Clustering Appearance for Scene Analysis.
Non-linear operators in image restoration.
Tracking Segmented Objects Using Tensor Voting.
Augmented Reality System for Surgical Navigation Using Robust Target Vision.
Qualitative Image Based Localization in Indoors Environments.
Image-based Modeling and Rendering of Surfaces with Arbitrary BRDFs.
Feature Selection for Evaluating Fluorescence Microscopy Images in Genome-Wide Cell Screens.
Appearance Management and Cue Fusion for 3D Model-Based Tracking.
Articulated Models from Video.
Panoramic Image Acquisition.
Speckle-Constrained Filtering of Ultrasound Images.
Model-Based Multiscale Detection of 3D Vessels.
Eigenfeatures for planar pose measurement of partially occluded objects.
Object detection with vector quantized binary features.
Recovery of Global Nonrigid Motion - Based Approach Without Point Correspondences.
Man-Made Structure Detection in Natural Images using a Causal Multiscale Random Field.
OBJ CUT.
Solving Markov Random Fields using Second Order Cone Programming Relaxations.
Novel active-vision-based visual-threat-cue for autonomous navigation tasks.
An image-based visual-motion-cue for autonomous navigatio.
A Fast and Robust Approach to Recovering Structure and Motion from Live Video Frames.
Shape from the Light Field Boundary.
Temporal Integration of Multiple Silhouette-Based Body-Part Hypotheses.
Robust and Efficient Image Alignment with Spatially Varying Illumination Models.
A Unified Spatio-Temporal Articulated Model for Tracking.
Learning with Constrained and Unlabelled Data.
What is a light source?
Optimal Sub-Shape Models by Minimum Description Length.
Hybrid Joint-Separable Multibody Tracking.
Principled Hybrids of Generative and Discriminative Models.
Shape Descriptors for Non-Rigid Shapes with a Single Closed Contour.
Recovering the viewing parameters of random, translated and noisy projections of asymmetric objects.
A Model-Based Road Sign Identification System.
Multiobjective Data Clustering.
Convolutional Neural Networks for Face Recognition.
On Computing Exact Visual Hulls of Solids Bounded by Smooth Surfaces.
A Sparse Texture Representation Using Affine-Invariant Regions.
Beyond Bags of Features: Spatial Pyramid Matching for Recognizing Natural Scene Categories.
Learning Methods for Generic Object Recognition with Invariance to Pose and Lighting.
Detecting Changes in 3-D Shape Using Self-Consistency.
A Shape Representation for Planar Curves by Shape Signature Harmonic Embedding.
Three-Dimensional Volume Reconstruction Based on Trajectory Fusion from Confocal Laser Scanning Microscope Images.
Proposal Maps Driven MCMC for Estimating Human Body Pose in Static Images.
Nine Points of Light: Acquiring Subspaces for Face Recognition under Variable Lighting.
Video-Based Face Recognition Using Probabilistic Appearance Manifolds.
Online Learning of Probabilistic Appearance Manifolds for Video-Based Recognition and Tracking.
Direct Shape from Texture Using a Parametric Surface Model and an Adaptive Filtering Technique.
A Biprism-Stereo Camera System.
Inferring Segmented Surface Description from Stereo Data.
Extraction and Integration of Window in a 3D Building Model from Ground View Image.
Wavelet-Based Hierarchical Surface Approximation from Height Fields.
A Computer Vision System for On-Screen Item Selection by Finger Pointing.
Sensor Planning for a Trinocular Active Vision System.
New, faster, more controlled fitting of implicit polynomial 2D curves and 3D surfaces to data .
Region-Tree Based Stereo Using Dynamic Programming Optimization.
Analyzing Appearance and Contour Based Methods for Object Categorization.
Pedestrian Detection in Crowded Scenes.
A Probabilistic Framework for Combining Tracking Algorithms.
Using Differential Constraints to Reconstruct Complex Surfaces from Stereo.
An Efficiency Criterion for 2D Shape Model Selection..
Dealing with occlusions in the eigenspace approach.
Unsupervised Learning of Object Features from Video Sequences.
Adaptive Binning and Dissimilarity Measure for Image Retrieval and Classification.
A Semi-Automatic Method for Resolving Occlusion in Augmented Reality.
Randomized Trees for Real-Time Keypoint Recognition.
Point Matching as a Classification Problem for Fast and Robust Object Pose Estimation.
Robust Data Association For Online Applications.
Error Analysis for a Navigation Algorithm Based on Optical-Flow and a Digital Terrain Map.
Automatic Differentiation Facilitates OF-Integration into Steering-Angle-Based Road Vehicle Tracking.
Probablistic Affine Invariants for Recognition.
On Perpendicular Texture: Why do we see more flowers in the distance?
Statistical Shape Influence in Geodesic Active Contours.
The Viewing Graph.
Learning Object Detection from a Small Number of Examples: The Importance of Good Features.
A Closed Form Solution to Natural Image Matting.
Visual Odometry and Map Correlation.
Time-varying Shape Tensors for Scenes with Multiply Moving Points.
Separating Reflections from a Single Image Using Local Features.
Optimal Multi-Scale Matching.
Visual Websearching Using Iconic Queries.
Improving Visual Matching.
Computation of the Shock Scaffold for Unorganized Point Clouds in 3D.
Edge-Constrained Joint View Triangulation for Image Interpolation.
Image Interpolation by Joint View Triangulation.
Relief Mosaics by Joint View Triangulation.
Learning a Multi-Size Patch-Based Hybrid Kernel Machine Ensemble for Abnormal Region Detection in Colonoscopic Images.
Bayesian image restoration and segmentation by constrained optimizatio.
Constructing Facial Identity Surfaces in a Nonlinear Discriminating Space.
On the Small Sample Performance of Boosted Classifiers.
Learning Spatially Localized, Parts-Based Representation.
Segmentation of Edge Preserving Gradient Vector Flow: An Approach Toward Automatically Initializing and Splitting of Snakes.
Nonparametric Subspace Analysis for Face Recognition.
User Assisted Modeling of Buildings from Aerial Images.
A Bayesian Hierarchical Model for Learning Natural Scene Categories.
Shape Topics: A Compact Representation and New Algorithms for 3D Partial Shape Retrieval.
Object Detection Using 2D Spatial Ordering Constraints.
Recovering Shape and Irradiance Maps from Rich Dense Texton Fields.
Globally Optimal Segmentation of Interacting Surfaces with Geometric Constraints.
Computing Rectifying Homographies for Stereo Vision.
Level Set Evolution without Re-Initialization: A New Variational Formulation.
Creaseness Measures for CT and MR Image Registration.
Linear Projection Methods in Face Recognition under Unconstrained Illuminations: A Comparative Study.
Line Reconstruction from Many Perspective Images by Factorization.
Surface Geometric Constraints for Stereo in Belief Propagation.
Codimension - Two Geodesic Active Contours for the Segmentation of Tubular Structures.
Flattening Curved Documents in Images.
Camera Matchmoving in Unprepared, Unknown Environments.
Color Channels Decorrelation by ICA Transformation in the Wavelet Domain for Color Texture Analysis and Synthesis.
Using Planar Parallax to Estimate the Time-to-Contact.
Complex 3D Shape Recovery Using a Dual-Space Approach.
Local Feature View Clustering for 3D Object Recognition.
Accurate Face Alignment using Shape Constrained Markov Network.
Multiview Geometry for Texture Mapping 2D Images Onto 3D Range Data.
An On-Line Handwriting Recognition System Using Fisher Segmental Matching and Hypotheses Propagation Network.
Isophote Properties as Features for Object Detection.
Deformation Modeling for Robust 3D Face Matching.
Conditioning Analysis of Missing Data Estimation for Large Sensor Array.
Robust AAM Fitting by Fusion of Images and Disparity Data.
Geometric and Photometric Constraints for Surface Recovery.
Dynamic Appearance-Based Recognition.
Metric Rectification for Perspective Images of Planes.
Multidimensional Motion Segmentation and Identification.
Subtly Different Facial Expression Recognition and Expression Intensity Estimation.
Wide Baseline Feature Matching Using the Cross-Epipolar Ordering Constraint.
Zebra-Crossing Detection for the Partially Sighted.
A Caratheodory-Fejer Approach to Dynamic Appearance Modeling.
Using Multiple Cues for Hand Tracking and Model Refinement.
Dynamic Appearance Modeling for Human Tracking.
A Two Level Approach for Scene Recognition.
Fast Illumination-Invariant Background Subtraction Using Two Views: Error Analysis, Sensor Placement and Applications.
Dynamics Based Robust Motion Segmentation.
A Direct Method for Modeling Non-Rigid Motion with Thin Plate Spline.
A GMM Parts Based Face Representation for Improved Verification through Relevance Adaptation.
Radiometric Calibration from a Single Image.
Learning Patch Dependencies for Improved Pose Mismatched Face Verification.
Quantitative Evaluation of Near Regular Texture Synthesis Algorithms.
Automatic Landmark Tracking and its Application to the Optimization of Brain Conformal Mapping.
An Appearance Representation for Multiple Reflection Components.
Model-Guided Segmentation of Corpus Callosum in MR Images.
Robust Face Detection with Multi-Class Boosting.
Optimization Design of Cascaded Classifiers.
Real-Time Gabor-Type Filtering Using Analog Focal Plane Image Processors.
Using Chromaticity Distributions and Eigenspace Analysis for Pose, Illumination, and Specularity-Invariant Recognition of 3D Objects.
On the Number of Samples Needed in Light Field Rendering with Constant-Depth Assumption.
Robust Snake Model.
Separation of Diffuse and Specular Reflection in Color Images.
A Probabilistic Framework for Graph Clustering.
On the Fundamental Limits of Reconstruction-Based Super-Resolution Algorithms.
On Measuring Low-Level Saliency in Photographic Images.
A Vision System for Fast 3D Model Reconstruction.
A Novel Algorithm for Rotated Human Face Detection.
Surfaces with Occlusions from Layered Stereo.
Infomax Boosting.
Adaptation For Multiple Cue Integration.
Recognize High Resolution Faces: From Macrocosm to Microcosm.
Mercer Kernels for Object Recognition with Local Features.
Fusion of Summation Invariants in 3D Human Face Recognition.
Region Correspondence by Global Configuration Matching and Progressive Delaunay Triangulation.
Self Shadowing and Local Illumination of Randomly Rough Surfaces.
Relighting with the Reflected Irradiance Field: Representation, Sampling and Reconstruction.
Dense Shape and Motion from Region Correspondences by Factorization.
Surface Reconstruction via Helmholtz Reciprocity with a Single Image Pair.
Pursuing Informative Projection on Grassmann Manifold.
Texture Features and Learning Similarity.
Color Tracking by Transductive Learning.
Determining the Radiometric Response Function from a Single Grayscale Image.
Edge Flow: A Framework of Boundary Detection and Image Segmentation.
Tracking of Multiple, Partially Occluded Humans based on Static Body Part Detection.
Edge Detection and Ridge Detection with Automatic Scale Selection.
Area-Based Computation of Stereo Disparity with Model-Based Window Size Selection.
Using the Inner-Distance for Classification of Articulated Shapes.
Viewpoint Variation in the Noise Sensitivity of Pose Estimation.
Diffusion Distance for Histogram Comparison.
Comparing Belief Propagation and Graph Cuts for Novelty Detection.
Detecting Doctored Images Using Camera Response Normality and Consistency.
Iterative Projective Reconstruction from Multiple Views.
Configuration based scene classification and image indexing.
The Optimal Distance Measure for Object Detection.
Addressing Radiometric Nonidealities: A Unified Framework.
Provably-Convergent Iterative Methods for Projective Structure from Motion.
A Model for Dynamic Shape and Its Applications.
Object Recognition using Boosted Discriminants.
A Computational Model for Repeated Pattern Perception Using Frieze and Wallpaper Groups.
Contrast Enhancement of Multi-Displays Using Human Contrast Sensitivity.
Skewed Symmetry Groups.
Direct 3D-Rotation Estimation from Spherical Images via a Generalized Shift Theorem.
Video-Based Face Recognition Using Adaptive Hidden Markov Models.
Radon-Based Structure from Motion without Correspondences.
Neighborhood Aided Implicit Active Contours.
Fully Automatic Registration of 3D Point Clouds.
An Efficient Approach to Learning Inhomogeneous Gibbs Model.
Illumination Subspace for Multibody Motion Segmentation.
A Classification Based Similarity Metric for 3D Image Retrieval .
Bridging the Gaps between Cameras.
Noise Estimation from a Single Image.
Structure and View Estimation for Tomographic Reconstruction: A Bayesian Approach.
Assignment Problem in Edge Detection Performance Evaluation.
Beyond Lambert: Reconstructing Specular Surfaces Using Color.
Time-constrained Dynamic Semantic Compression for Video Indexing and Interactive Searching.
Stereo Head Calibration from a Planar Object.
Hallucinating Faces: TensorPatch Super-Resolution and Coupled Residue Compensation.
Mixture Models and the Segmentation of Multimodal Textures.
Studies on Silhouette Quality and Gait Recognition.
Reconstruction of Scene Models from Sparse 3D Structure.
Optimal Pose for Face Recognition.
Object tracking using affine structure for point correspondences.
Simultaneous Estimation of Left Ventricular Motion and Material Properties with Maximum a Posteriori Strategy.
Word Spotting: A New Approach to Indexing Handwriting.
Kullback-Leibler Boosting.
Towards the Computational Perception of Action.
Automatic 3D to 2D Registration for the Photorealistic Rendering of Urban Scenes.
Quantigraphic Imaging: Estimating the camera response and exposures from differently exposed images.
Deformable Shape Detection and Description via Model-Based Region.
Metric Self Calibration from Screw-Transform Manifolds.
Optimal Linear Representations of Images for Object Recognition.
Interpolating View and Scene Motion by Dynamic View Morphing.
Directional Histogram Model for Three-Dimensional Shape Similarity.
Controlled camera motions for scene reconstruction and exploration.
A Two-Step Approach to Hallucinating Faces: Global Parametric Model and Local Nonparametric Model.
Random Subwindows for Robust Image Classification.
Efficient Search of Faces from Complex Line Drawings.
A class of probabilistic shape models.
A Nonlinear Approach for Face Sketch Synthesis and Recognition.
Spatial Weighting for Bag-of-Features.
Probabilistic Reasoning Models for Face Recognition.
Moving Cast Shadow Detection from a Gaussian Mixture Shadow Model.
Face Recognition Using Shape and Texture.
Local Appearance-Based Models using High-Order Statistics of Image Features.
Real-time Hand Pose Recognition Using Low-Resolution Depth Images.
3D Reconstruction by Fitting Low-Rank Matrices with Missing Data.
Recognition of Partially Occluded and/or Imprecisely Localized Faces Using a Probabilistic Approach.
Recognizing Expression Variant Faces from a Single Sample Image per Class.
High Resolution Video Mosaicing with Global Alignment.
A General Method for Errors-in-Variables Problems in Computer Vision.
Optimal Rigid Motion Estimation and Performance Evaluation with Bootstrap.
Edge Localization in Surface Reconstruction Using Optimal Estimation Theory.
Soccer Image Sequence Computed by a Virtual Camera.
Illumination Normalization with Time-dependent Intrinsic Images for Video Surveillance.
Full-Frame Video Stabilization.
Dynamic Memory: Architecture for Real Time Integration of Visual Perception, Camera Action, and Network Communication.
Pose reconstruction with an uncalibrated Computed Tomography imaging device.
2D Fluid Motion Analysis from a Single Image.
Physics-Based Segmentation: Moving Beyond Color.
A Geodesic Active Contour Framework for Finding Glass.
Finding Glass.
Vessel Crawlers: 3D Physically-based Deformable Organisms for Vasculature Segmentation and Analysis.
A Batch/Recursive Algorithm for 3D Scene Reconstruction.
A Real-time Computer Vision System for Measuring Traffic Parameters.
Hierarchical Procrustes Matching for Shape Retrieval.
Constrained Self-Calibration.
Estimation of Epipolar Geometry from Apparent Contours: Affine and Circular Motion Cases.
A Simple Technique for Self-Calibration.
Enhancing DPF for Near-replica Image Recognition.
An Image-Based Bayesian Framework for Face Detection.
Isotropic Gradient Estimatio.
Dense Nonrigid Motion Tracking from a Sequence of Velocity Fields.
Model-Free Optimal Trajectories in the Image Space: Application to Robot Vision Control.
Efficient Evaluation of Classification and Recognition Systems.
Estimation of omnidirectional camera model from epipolar geometry.
Autocalibration & 3D Reconstruction with Non-Central Catadioptric Cameras.
Deformable Template and Distribution Mixture-Based Data Modeling for the Endocardial Contour Tracking in an Echographic Sequence.
Articulated Body Posture Estimation from Multi-Camera Voxel Data.
Face detection in a video sequence - a temporal approach.
Multiple Object Class Detection with a Generative Model.
A performance evaluation of local descriptors.
Practical Non-parametric Density Estimation on a Transformation Group for Vision.
Learning from One Example through Shared Densities on Transforms.
MUSE: Robust Surface Fitting using Unbiased Scale Estimates.
Prediction Intervals for Surface Growing Range Segmentation.
Recognizing Color Patterns Irrespective of Viewpoint and Illumination.
Interactive Learning with a "Society of Models" .
Expectation Grammars: Leveraging High-Level Expectations for Activity Recognition.
Elastic-String Models for Representation and Analysis of Planar Shapes.
Local Facial Asymmetry for Expression Classification.
Recovering Projection Geometry: How a Cheap Camera Can Outperform an Expensive Stereo System.
Radiometric Self Calibration.
Dynamic bayesian framework for extracting temporal structure in video.
Scene Modeling for Wide Area Surveillance and Image Synthesis.
Motion-Based Background Subtraction Using Adaptive Kernel Density Estimation.
An Intensity-augmented Ordinal Measure for Visual Correspondence.
Inverse Polarization Raytracing: Estimating Surface Shapes of Transparent Objects.
High Dynamic Range Imaging: Spatially Varying Pixel Exposures.
Bayesian face recognition using deformable intensity surfaces.
Folded Catadioptric Cameras.
A Hybrid Framework for Surface Registration and Deformable Models.
Closest Point Search in High Dimensions.
Impact of Dynamics on Subspace Embedding and Tracking of Sequences.
Probabilistic Tracking of Motion Boundaries with Spatiotemporal Predictions.
Modeling Correspondences for Multi-Camera Tracking Using Nonlinear Manifold Learning and Target Dynamics.
Likelihood Functions and Confidence Bounds for Total-Least-Squares Problems.
Adaptive View-Based Appearance Models.
Polydioptric Camera Design and 3D Motion Estimation.
Shape contexts enable efficient retrieval of similar shapes.
Detection of Gradual Transitions through Temporal Slice Analysis.
Recognizing Objects in Adversarial Clutter: Breaking a Visual CAPTCHA.
Recognising and Monitoring High-Level Behaviours in Complex Spatial Environments.
Recovering Human Body Configurations: Combining Segmentation and Recognition.
Improved watershed segmentation using water diffusion and local shape priors.
Fast 3D Stabilization and Mosaic Construction.
Robust multi-target tracking using spatio-temporal context.
Solving the Rotation-Estimation Problem by Using the Perspective Three-Point Algorithm.
Exhaustive Detection of Manufacturing Flaws as Abnormalities.
Image-Consistent Surface Triangulation.
Learning and Detecting Activities from Movement Trajectories Using the Hierarchical Hidden Markov Models.
Gauge Fixing for Accurate 3D Estimation.
Multifeature Object Tracking Using a Model-Free Approach.
Singularity Analysis for Articulated Object Tracking.
Motion Segmentation with Accurate Boundaries - A Tensor Voting Approach.
Active Contours Using a Constraint-Based Implicit Representation.
On Region Merging: The Statistical Soundness of Fast Sorting, with Applications.
Image Magnification Using Level-Set Reconstruction.
Interactive Pinpoint Image Object Removal.
A Confidence Measure for Boundary Detection and Object Selection.
Dynamic Geodesic Snakes for Visual Tracking.
Toboggan-Based Intelligent Scissors with a Four-Parameter Edge Model.
Automatic Estimation of the Projected Light Source Direction.
A SIFT Descriptor with Global Context.
Low-Dimensional Representations of Shaded Surfaces under Varying Illumination.
Real-Time Semi-Automatic Segmentation Using a Bayesian Network.
Multi-Target Tracking - Linking Identities using Bayesian Network Inference.
Intelligent Selection Tools.
Cue Integration through Discriminative Accumulation.
Registering Multiple Cartographic Models with the Hierarchical Mixture of Experts Algorithm.
A Visual Vocabulary for Flower Classification.
Pose Clustering with Density Estimation and Structural Constraints.
The World in an Eye.
Integrating Shape from Shading and Range Data Using Neural Networks.
Parametric Feature Detection.
Dense Photometric Stereo Using a Mirror Sphere and Graph Cut.
Real Time Localization and 3D Reconstruction.
Eigen-Texture Method: Appearance Compression Based on 3D Model.
Extraction and Recognition of Periodically Deforming Objects by Continuous, Spatio-Temporal Shape Description.
An Efficient Solution to the Five-Point Relative Pose Problem.
Distortion Estimation Techniques in Solving Visual CAPTCHAs.
A Minimal Solution to the Generalised 3-Point Pose Problem.
Improved Motion Stereo Matching Based on a Modified Dynamic Programming.
Visual Odometry.
Scalable Recognition with a Vocabulary Tree.
Visual Signature Verification Using Affine Arc-Length.
Fast and Reliable Color Region Merging inspired by Decision Tree Pruning.
Edge/Region-Based Segmentation and Reconstruction of Underwater Acoustic Images by Markov Random Fields.
Grouping with Bias Revisited.
3D Deformable Image Matching Using Multiscale Minimization of Global Energy Functions.
3-D Object Pose Estimation by Shading and Edge Data Fusion ----Simulating virtual manipulation on mental images.
Multiclass Object Recognition with Sparse, Localized Features.
Detection and Description of Buildings from Multiple Aerial Images.
Recovering Affine Motion and Defocus Blur Simultaneously.
Multi-Modality Model-Based Registration in the Cardiac Domain.
Face Recognition by Distribution Specific Feature Extraction.
Global Models with Parametric Offsets as Applied to Cardiac Motion Recovery.
Weak Orthogonalization of Face and Perturbation for Recognition.
Towards Robust Structure-Based Enhancement and Horizon Picking in 3-D Seismic Data.
An Unsupervised, Online Learning Framework for Moving Object Detection.
Stereo Correspondence with Slanted Surfaces: Critical Implications of Horizontal Slant.
Occlusion Detectable Stereo -- Occlusion Patterns in Camera Matrix.
Parameterized Duration Mmodeling for Switching Linear Dynamic Systems.
Shock Filters Based on Implicit Cluster Separation.
Object Recognition Based on Photometric Alignment Using RANSAC.
Shape from Recognition and Learning: Recovery of 3-D Face Shapes.
Spherical Harmonics vs. Haar Wavelets: Basis for Recovering Illumination from Cast Shadows.
Chromatic Framework for Vision in Bad Weather.
Blob Segmentation Using Joint Space-Intensity Likelihood Ratio Test: Application to 3D Tumor Segmentation.
Removing Weather Effects from Monochrome Images.
Scale Selection for Anisotropic Scale-Space: Application to Volumetric Tumor Characterization.
Shedding Light on the Weather.
Analysis and Synthesis of Human Faces with Pose Variations by a Parametric Piecewise Linear Subspace Method.
Efficient Query Refinement for Image Retrieval.
On Photometric Aspects of Catadioptric Cameras.
Visual Servoing for Automatic and Uncalibrated Needle Placement for Percutaneous Procedures.
Toward a Statistically Optimal Method for Estimating Geometric Relations from Noisy Data: Cases of Linear Relations.
Lines in One Orthographic and Two Perspective Views.
360 x 360 Mosaics.
Visible Surface Reconstruction from Normals with Discontinuity Consideration.
An Integrated Model of Top-Down and Bottom-Up Attention for Optimizing Detection Speed.
A Simple Stereo Algorithm to Recover Precise Object Boundaries and Smooth Surfaces.
Catadioptric Omnidirectional Camera.
Hybrid Evolutionary Ridge Regression Approach for High-Accurate Corner Extraction.
Programmable Imaging Using a Digital Micromirror Array.
View Invariants for Human Action Recognition.
Structure from Linear or Planar Motions.
Computing the Camera Heading from Multiple Frames.
A New Structure--From--Motion Ambiguity.
Structure from Motion Using Points, Lines, and Intensities.
Optimal Point Correspondence through the Use of Rank Constraints.
LAFTER: Lips and Face Real-Time Tracker.
Maximum-Likelihood Template Matching.
Image Registration by Aligning Entropies.
Connectionist networks for feature indexing and object recognition.
Variable-Scale Smoothing and Edge Detection Guided by Stereoscopy.
A Probabilistic Formulation for Hausdorff Matching.
Robust Stereo Ego-motion for Long Distance Navigation.
The Registration Problem Revisited: Optimal Solutions From Points, Lines and Planes.
Affine Invariant Detection: Edges, Active Contours, and Segments.
Color Lines: Image Specific Color Representation.
The Bottleneck Geodesic: Computing Pixel Affinity.
Production of Video Images by Computer Controlled Cameras and Its Application to TV Conference System.
Incremental learning of object detectors using a visual shape alphabet.
Pedestrian Detection Using Wavelet Templates.
Incorporating the Boltzmann Prior in Object Detection Using SVM.
Anti-Sequences: Event Detection by Frame Stacking.
Training Support Vector Machines: an Application to Face Detection.
Image velocity estimation from trajectory surface in spatiotemporal space.
Multiview Occlusion Analysis for Tracking Densely Populated Objects Based on 2-D Visual Angles.
Recognizing Abruptly Changing Facial Expressions from Time-Sequential Face Images.
Augmenting Shape with Appearance in Vehicle Category Recognition.
Reconstructing 3D Independent Motions Using Non-Accidentalness.
Background Recognition in Dynamic Scenes with Motion Constraints.
A Graph Based Approach for Naming Faces in News Photos.
Toward a Scale-Space Aspect Graph: Solids of Revolution.
Perception-based 3D Triangle Mesh Segmentation Using Fast Marching Watersheds.
Robust Crease Detection and Curvature Estimation of Piecewise Smooth Surfaces from Triangle Mesh Approximations Using Normal Voting.
Camera Calibration and Euclidean Reconstruction from Known Observer Translations.
Interactive Montages of Sprites for Indexing and Summarizing Security Video.
Probability Models for High Dynamic Range Imaging.
Face Recognition in Hyperspectral Images.
Exploiting the Dependencies in Information Fusion.
A Band-Weighted Landuse Classification Method for Multispectral Images.
On the Individuality of Fingerprints.
A Fast Multigrid Implicit Algorithm for the Evolution of Geodesic Active Contours.
A Cross-Validatory Statistical Approach to Scale Selection for Image Denoising by Nonlinear Diffusion.
A Content-Based Search Engine for VRML Databases.
A Framework for Feature Selection for Background Subtraction.
Unifying Boundary and Region-Based Information for Geodesic Active Tracking.
Geodesic Active Contours for Supervised Texture Segmentation.
A MRF-Based Approach for Real-Time Subway Monitoring.
Creating Invariance to "Nuisance Parameters" in Face Recognition.
Adaptive Pattern Discovery for Interactive Multimedia Retrieval.
View Independent Human Body Pose Estimation from a Single Perspective Image.
Analysis and Detection of Shadows in Video Streams: A Comparative Evaluation.
Feature Selection for Classifying High-Dimensional Numerical Data.
Tunable Kernels for Tracking.
Histogram Clustering for Unsupervised Image Segmentation.
Active Character Recognition Using 'A*-Like' Algorit.
Non-parametric Similarity Measures for Unsupervised Texture Segmentation and Image Retrieval.
Using Lexical Similarity in Handwritten Word Recognition.
Diagram Structure Recognition by Bayesian Conditional Random Fields.
Local Smoothing for Manifold Learning.
Object Detection Using Hierarchical MRF and MAP Estimation.
A fast and flexible statistical method for text extraction in document pages.
A Computational Approach to Semantic Event Detection.
Cerebral Vascular Atlas Generation for Anatomical Knowledge Modeling and Segmentation Purpose.
Similarity Measure and Learning with Gray Level Aura Matrices (GLAM) for Texture Image Retrieval.
Robust Instantaneous Rigid Motion Estimation.
Uncalibrated 1D projective camera and 3D affine reconstruction of lines.
Graph-Theoretic Approach to Clustering and Segmentation.
Minimal Projective Reconstruction with Missing Data.
Model-Based Motion Clustering Using Boosted Mixture Modeling.
A Factorization Method for Affine Structure from Line Correspondences.
Time-Series Classification Using Mixed-State Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
A New Linear Method for Euclidean Motion/Structure from Three Calibrated Affine Views.
Impact of Dynamic Model Learning on Classification of Human Motion.
Gesture, Speech, and Gaze Cues for Discourse Segmentation.
Multimodal Speaker Detection Using Error Feedback Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
Parameterization of Closed Surfaces for Parametric Surface Descriptio.
Stereo Panorama with a Single Camera.
Counting Crowded Moving Objects.
Panoramic mosaics by manifold projection.
Stereo and Color Analysis for Dynamic Obstacle Avoidance.
Cameras for Stereo Panoramic Imaging.
Model Order Selection and Cue Combination for Image Segmentation.
Rectified Mosaicing: Mosaics without the Curl.
RGB-Z: Mapping a Sparse Depth Map to a High Resolution RGB Camera Image.
Closed-Loop Object Recognition Using Reinforcement Learning.
Estimating Surface Characteristics using Physical Reflectance Models.
LDA/SVM Driven Nearest Neighbor Classification.
Simultaneous Calibration and Tracking with a Network of Non-Overlapping Sensors.
Randomness and Geometric Features in Computer Vision.
Learning Appearance Manifolds from Video.
Multi-Object Tracking Through Simultaneous Long Occlusions and Split-Merge Conditions.
Reconstruction of Specular Surfaces using Polarization Imaging.
Maintaining Valid Topology with Active Contours: Theory and Application.
Real-time Image-Based Guidance Method for Lung-Cancer Assessment.
Orientation diffusions.
MRF's forMRI's: Bayesian Reconstruction of MR Images via Graph Cuts.
Rethinking Classical Internal Forces for Active Contour Models.
Statistical Cue Integration for Foveated Wide-Field Surveillance.
Preface.
Enforcing Integrability for Surface Reconstruction Algorithms Using Belief Propagation in Graphical Models.
Optimal Selection of Camera Parameters for Recovery of Depth from Defocused Images.
Recursive estimation of generative models of video.
Simultaneous Depth Recovery and Image Restoration from Defocused Images.
Geodesic Computation for Adaptive Remeshing.
New Method of Probability Density Estimation with Application to Mutual Information Based Image Registration.
Landmark-Based Geodesic Computation for Heuristically Driven Path Planning.
Error Analysis of 3-D Motion Estimation Algorithms in the Differential Case.
Program Committee.
Overview of the Face Recognition Grand Challenge.
Towards Complete Generic Camera Calibration.
The FERET Evaluation Methodology for Face-Recognition Algorithms.
Finding and Tracking People from the Bottom Up.
Toward Learning Visual Discrimination Strategies.
Detecting, Localizing and Recovering Kinematics of Textured Animals.
Real-Time Non-Rigid Surface Detection.
Strike a Pose: Tracking People by Finding Stylized Poses.
Undoing Paper Curl Distortion Using Applicable Surfaces.
Tracking People and Recognizing Their Activities.
Extraction of illusory linear clues in perspectively skewed documents.
Training Deformable Models for Localization.
Video Stabilization as a Variational Problem and Numerical Solution with the Viterbi Method.
Face Verification across Age Progression.
A direct method for stereo correspondence based on singular value decomposition.
Modeling Age Progression in Young Faces.
Real-Time Tracking for Enhanced Tennis Broadcasts.
A Relationship between Spline-Based Deformable Models and Weighted Graphs in Non-Rigid Matching.
Human Action Detection Using PNF Propagation of Temporal Constraints.
View-Invariance in Action Recognition.
Using Many Cameras as One.
Calibrating an Air-Ground Control System from Motion Correspondences.
Independent Motion: The Importance of History.
Scene Detection In Hollywood Movies and TV Shows.
Evaluation of Local Models of Dynamic Backgrounds.
A Self-Correcting Projector.
A Stratified Approach to Metric Self-Calibration.
Grouping Dominant Orientations for Ill-Structured Road Following.
Epipolar Geometry and Linear Subspace Methods: A New Approach to Weak Calibration.
Joint Probabilistic Techniques for Tracking Multi-Part Objects.
On the Absolute Quadratic Complex and Its Application to Autocalibration.
Object Detection and Localization by Dynamic Template Warping.
Modelling Dynamic Scenes by Registering Multi-View Image Sequences.
A Framework for Learning Query Concepts in Image Classification.
Integral Histogram: A Fast Way To Extract Histograms in Cartesian Spaces.
Word Image Matching Using Dynamic Time Warping.
Covariance Tracking using Model Update Based on Lie Algebra.
Particle Filtering for Geometric Active Contours with Application to Tracking Moving and Deforming Objects.
Calibration of Light Sources.
Dynamosaics: Video Mosaics with Non-Chronological Time.
Shape from Shading: A Well-Posed Problem?
Real-Time Visual SLAM with Resilience to Erratic Motion.
Conference Organization.
Control Theory and Fast Marching Techniques for Brain Connectivity Mapping.
Making a Long Video Short: Dynamic Video Synopsis.
Single View Reconstruction of Curved Surfaces.
Motion Patterns: High-Level Representation of Natural Video Sequences.
Shaping Receptive Fields for Affine Invariance.
Unsupervised Face Recognition from Image Sequences Based on Clustering with Attraction and Repulsion.
Automated Model Acquisition from Range Images with View Planning.
Vision for a smart kiosk.
Vision-Based Speaker Detection Using Bayesian Networks.
Constrained Phase Congruency: Simultaneous Detection of Interest Points and of their Scales.
Perspective Pose from Spectral Voting.
Well-Behaved, Tunable 3D-Affine Invariants.
Segmentation by Level Sets and Symmetry.
The Quotient Image: Class Based Recognition and Synthesis under Varying Illumination Conditions.
Using occlusions to aid position estimation for visual motion capture.
Simultaneous Estimation of Segmentation and Shape.
A Verification Protocol and Statistical Performance Analysis for Face Recognition Algorithms.
Fast Binary Image Processing Using Binary Decision Diagrams.
A Graph-Spectral Method for Surface Height Recovery from Needle-maps.
Object Pose Detection in Range Scan Data.
Multi-Classifier Framework for Atlas-Based Image Segmentation.
Exploitation of Natural Image Statistics by Biological Vision Systems: 1/f2 Power Spectra and Self-Similar Bandpass Decompositions.
Invariant Web Defect Detection and Classification System.
Estimating 3D Shape and Texture Using Pixel Intensity, Edges, Specular Highlights, Texture Constraints and a Prior.
Modeling Clutter and Context for Target Detection in Infrared Images.
A Pure Learning Approach to Background-Invariant Object Recognition using Pedagogical Support Vector Learning.
Inferring Body Pose without Tracking Body Parts.
3D Trajectory Recovery for Tracking Multiple Objects and Trajectory Guided Recognition of Actions.
Estimating 3D Body Pose using Uncalibrated Cameras.
A general filter for measurements with any probability distribution.
Affine Structure and Photometry.
Fields of Experts: A Framework for Learning Image Priors.
Specular Flow and the Recovery of Surface Structure.
Gibbs Likelihoods for Bayesian Tracking.
Pairwise Coupling for Machine Recognition of Hand-Printed Japanese Characters.
Learning to Recognize Objects.
Digital Tapestry.
Cosegmentation of Image Pairs by Histogram Matching - Incorporating a Global Constraint into MRFs.
3D Object Modeling and Recognition Using Affine-Invariant Patches and Multi-View Spatial Constraints.
Segmenting, Modeling, and Matching Video Clips Containing Multiple Moving Objects.
Optimal servoing for active foveated vision.
Velocity and Disparity Cues for Robust Real-Time Binocular Tracking.
Robust Recovery of Camera Rotation from Three Frames.
Varying Focal Length Self-Calibration and Pose Estimation from Two Images .
Active Unsupervised Texture Segmentation on a Diffusion Based Feature Space.
Neural Network-Based Face Detection.
Rotation Invariant Neural Network-Based Face Detection.
Rotation Invariant Neural Network-Based Face Detection.
Analyzing Articulated Motion Using Expectation-Maximization.
A Measure of Deformability of Shapes, with Applications to Human Motion Analysis.
Cylindrical rectification to minimize epipolar distortion.
Localization in Urban Environments: Monocular Vision Compared to a Differential GPS Sensor.
The Modified pbM-Estimator Method and a Runtime Analysis Technique for the RANSAC Family.
A Bayesian Approach To Spread Spectrum Watermark Detection and Secure Copyright Protection for Digital Image Libraries.
Efficient Guaranteed Search for Gray-level Patterns.
Projective Translations and Affine Stereo Calibration.
Projective Rotations Applied to a Pan-Tilt Stereo Head.
Segmenting Visual Actions Based on Spatio-Temporal Motion Patterns.
Better Proposal Distributions: Object Tracking Using Unscented Particle Filter.
Optimizing Learning in Image Retrieval.
A New Signature-Based Method for Efficient 3-D Object Recognition.
3D Face Recognition Using 3D Alignment for PCA.
Using Multiple Segmentations to Discover Objects and their Extent in Image Collections.
Is Bottom-Up Attention Useful for Object Recognition?
Alpha Estimation in Natural Images.
Color Edge Detection with the Compass Operator.
Recognition of Composite Human Activities through Context-Free Grammar Based Representation.
Robust and Adaptive Integration of Multiple Range Images with Photometric Attributes.
Dynamic Texture Recognition.
Shape Reconstruction in Projective Grid Space from Large Number of Images.
Measurement of Surface Orientations of Transparent Objects Using Polarization in Highlight.
Moment Invariants and Quantization Effects.
Incorporating Illumination Constraints in Deformable Models.
Variable Albedo Surface Reconstruction from Stereo and Shape from Shading.
Face Modeling and Analysis in Stony Brook University.
Simultaneous Image Classification and Restoration Using a Variational Approach.
Particle Video: Long-Range Motion Estimation using Point Trajectories.
Similarity Queries in Image Database.
Vector-Valued Active Contours.
Agent-Based Moving Object Correspondence Using Differential Discriminative Diagnosis.
On Occluding Contour Artifacts in Stereo Vision.
Complexity analysis of RBF networks for Pattern Recognition.
Robust Defect Segmentation in Woven Fabrics.
Learning to Form Large Groups of Salient Image Features.
Quantitative Measures of Change based on Feature Organization: Eigenvalues and Eigenvectors.
Hyperspectral Texture Classification Using Generalized Markov Fields.
Discrimination of Motion Based on Traces in the Space of Probability Functions over Feature Relations.
Stability Issues in Recovering Illumination Distribution from Brightness in Shadows.
Illumination Distribution from Shadows.
Name-It: Association of Face and Name in Video.
Perceptual Organization of Occluding Contours Generated By Opaque Surfaces.
Local Analysis for 3D Reconstruction of Specular Surfaces.
Discriminative Object Class Models of Appearance and Shape by Correlatons.
"Corefaces" - Robust Shift Invariant PCA Based Correlation Filter for Illumination Tolerant Face Recognition.
True Multi-Image Alignment and its Application to Mosaicing and Lens Distortion Correction.
A Combined Physical and Statistical Approach to Colour Constancy.
Stereo Vision for View Synthesis.
High-Accuracy Stereo Depth Maps Using Structured Light.
Stereo Matching with Non-Linear Diffusion.
Clear Underwater Vision.
Uncontrolled Modulation Imaging.
Instant Dehazing of Images Using Polarization.
Blind Recovery of Transparent and Semireflected Scenes.
The Discriminatory Power of Ordinal Measures - Towards a New Coefficient.
Atlanta World: An Expectation Maximization Framework for Simultaneous Low-Level Edge Grouping and Camera Calibration in Complex Man-Made Environments.
Two-View Multibody Structure-and-Motion with Outliers.
Constructing models for content-based image retrieval.
A Structured Probabilistic Model for Recognition.
Combining greyvalue invariants with local constraints for object recognition.
Automatic line matching across views.
Feature-Centric Evaluation for Efficient Cascaded Object Detection.
Learning a Restricted Bayesian Network for Object Detection.
A Statistical Method for 3D Object Detection Applied to Faces and Cars.
Probabilistic Modeling of Local Appearance and Spatial Relationships for Object Recognition.
Depth Layers from Occlusions.
Tracking Multiple Moving Objects with a Mobile Robot.
Optimal Eigenfeature Selection by Optimal Image Registration.
Structure from Multiple 2D Affine Correspondences without Camera Calibration.
Coregistration of Range and Optical Images Using Coplanarity and Orientation Constraints.
Multi-Aspect Detection of Articulated Objects.
Torque-Based Recursive Filtering Approach to the Recovery of 3D Articulated Motion from Image Sequences.
Shadow Gestures: 3D Hand Pose Estimation Using a Single Camera.
Implicit Representation and Scene Reconstruction from Probability Density Functions.
A Comparison and Evaluation of Multi-View Stereo Reconstruction Algorithms.
Photorealistic Scene Reconstruction by Voxel Coloring.
Background Subtraction based on Cooccurrence of Image Variations.
Minimally Supervised Acquisition of 3D Recognition Models from Cluttered Images.
Appearance-Based Object Recognition Using Multiple Views.
A Non-Parametric Approach for Independent Component Analysis Using Kernel Density Estimation.
Structure and Motion Estimation with Expectation Maximization and Extended Kalman Smoother for Continuous Image Sequences.
A Linear Iterative Method for Auto-Calibration using the DAC Equation.
Range Data Registration Using Photometric Features.
Object Recognition with Features Inspired by Visual Cortex.
A Common Framework for Curve Evolution, Segmentation and Anisotropic Diffusio.
Minimax Entropy and Learning by Diffusion.
A Bayesian Segmentation Framework for Textured Visual Images.
Multiple Feature Integration for Robust Object Localization.
Integrated Face and Gait Recognition From Multiple Views.
Decomposed Eigenface for Face Recognition under Various Lighting Conditions.
Learning Exemplar-Based Categorization for the Detection of Multi-View Multi-Pose Objects.
Image-Based Surface Detail Transfer.
Linear Model Hashing and Batch RANSAC for Rapid and Accurate Object Recognition.
Unsupervised Learning of Discriminative Edge Measures for Vehicle Matching between Non-Overlapping Cameras.
Corner Guided Curve Matching and its Application to Scene Reconstruction.
Image Denoising Using Non-Negative Sparse Coding Shrinkage Algorithm.
Fast Multiscale Image Segmentation.
Segmentation and Boundary Detection Using Multiscale Intensity Measurements.
Completion Energies and Scale.
2D-Shape Analysis Using Conformal Mapping.
Linear Image Coding for Regression and Classification using the Tensor-rank Principle.
Space-Time Behavior Based Correlation.
Shape from Dynamic Texture for Planes.
Bayesian Object Detection in Dynamic Scenes.
Subpixel Image Registration by Estimating the Polyphase Decomposition of Cross Power Spectrum.
Frame-Rate Spatial Referencing Based on Invariant Indexing and Alignment with Application to Laser Retinal Surgery.
Spatial Reflectance Recovery under Complex Illumination from Sparse Images.
Learning Temporal Sequence Model from Partially Labeled Data.
A Radical Approach to Handwritten Chinese Character Recognition Using Active Handwriting Models.
Propagation Networks for Recognition of Partially Ordered Sequential Action.
Real-Time Tracking Using Level Sets.
Invariant Operators, Small Samples, and the Bias-Variance Dilemma.
Normalized Cuts and Image Segmentation.
Motion Segmentation of Multiple Translating Objects Using Line Correspondences.
A Slit Scanning Depth of Route Panorama from Stationary Blur.
Ridge's corner detection and correspondence.
An Objective Comparison Methodology of Edge Detection Algorithms Using a Structure from Motion Task.
Comparison of Edge Detectors Using an Object Recognition Task.
Evaluating Image Retrieval.
Video Completion by Motion Field Transfer.
3-D Interpretation of Single Line Drawings Based on Entropy Minimization Principle.
Indexing using a Spectral Encoding of Topological Structure.
On 3D Shape Similarity.
Interactive Construction of 3D Models from Panoramic Mosaics.
Efficient Bundle Adjustment with Virtual Key Frames: A Hierarchical Approach to Multi-Frame Structure from Motion.
Blind Haze Separation.
Spatial Lesion Indexing for Medical Image Databases Using Force Histograms.
A shock grammar for recognition.
Area and Length Minimizing Flows for Shape Segmentation.
Facial Muscle Activations from Motion Capture.
Measure Locally, Reason Globally: Occlusion-sensitive Articulated Pose Estimation.
Tracking Loose-Limbed People.
Estimation and Prediction of Evolving Color Distributions for Skin Segmentation under Varying Illumination.
Learning Generative Models of Scene Features.
Removing Outliers Using The L\infty Norm.
Recovering Camera Motion Using L\infty Minimization.
Smooth Region Structure: Folds, Domes, Bowls, Ridges, Valleys and Slopes.
Further constraints on visual articulated motions.
Computing Layered Surface Representations: An Algorithm for Detecting and Separating Transparent Overlays.
Probabilistic Spatial Context Models for Scene Content Understanding.
Synchronization and Calibration of a Camera Network for 3D Event Reconstruction from Live Video.
Camera Network Calibration from Dynamic Silhouettes.
Video Data Mining Using Configurations of Viewpoint Invariant Regions.
Template Deformation Constrained by Shape Priors.
Surface Growing from Stereo Images.
Active Polyhedron: Surface Evolution Theory Applied to Deformable Meshes.
Ultrasound-Specific Segmentation via Decorrelation and Statistical Region-Based Active Contours.
Using a spectral reflectance model for the illumination-invariant recognition of local image structure.
Object recognition using invariant profiles.
What is the Spectral Dimensionality of Illumination Functions in Outdoor Scenes?
Material Classification for 3D Objects in Aerial Hyperspectral Images.
Bayesian Super-Resolved Surface Reconstruction from Images.
A Generalized EM Approach for 3D Model Based Face Recognition under Occlusions.
Variational Mixture Smoothing for Non-Linear Dynamical Systems.
Discriminative Density Propagation for 3D Human Motion Estimation.
Learning Joint Top-Down and Bottom-up Processes for 3D Visual Inference.
Improving the Scope of Deformable Model Shape and Motion Estimation.
Covariance Scaled Sampling for Monocular 3D Body Tracking.
Kinematic Jump Processes For Monocular 3D Human Tracking.
Video Skimming and Characterization through the Combination of Image and Language Understanding Techniques.
Using Particles to Track Varying Numbers of Interacting People.
Face Recognition using 2.5D Shape Information.
Efficient Techniques for Wide-Angle Stereo Vision Using Surface Projection Models.
Integrating and Employing Multiple Levels of Zoom for Activity Recognition.
Optimal Structure from Motion: Local Ambiguities and Global Estimates.
A Geometric Approach to Blind Deconvolution with Application to Shape from Defocu.
Motion from fixation.
Reducing "structure from motion".
WaldBoost - Learning for Time Constrained Sequential Detection.
Thermal Face Recognition in an Operational Scenario.
A New Visualization Paradigm for Multispectral Imagery And Data Fusion.
Illumination Invariant Face Recognition Using Thermal Infrared Imagery.
Reconstructing Open Surfaces from Unorganized Data Points.
Visibility Constrained Surface Evolution.
Fast Variational Segmentation using Partial Extremal Initialization.
Audio-Visual Based Emotion Recognition - A New Approach.
Towards Detection of Human Motion.
Learning Probabilistic Structure for Human Motion Detection.
Line Net Global Vectorization: an Algorithm and Its Performance Evaluation.
Investigation of Measures for Grouping by Graph Partitioning.
Using the KL-Center for Efficient and Accurate Retrieval of Distributions Arising from Texture Images.
A Framework for Sensor Planning and Control with Applications to Vision Guided Multi-robot Systems.
A Framework for Multiple Snakes.
Face Authentication using the Trace Transform.
Globally Optimal Grouping for Symmetric Boundaries.
3-D Model Construction Using Range and Image Data.
Interactive Sensor Planning.
Automated Feature-Based Range Registration of Urban Scenes of Large Scale.
Automatic Hierarchical Classification Using Time-Based Co-Occurrences.
Similarity templates for detection and recognition.
Adaptive Background Mixture Models for Real-Time Tracking.
Automated multi-camera planar tracking correspondence modeling.
Correspondence Expansion for Wide Baseline Stereo.
Feature Uncertainty Arising from Covariant Image Noise.
Removing the bias from line detection.
Lens distortion calibration using point correspondences.
Tracking from Multiple View Points: Self-calibration of Space and Time.
Model-based brightness constraints: on direct estimation of structure and motion.
Direct Estimation of Motion and Extended Scene Structure from a Moving Stereo Rig.
Model-Based 3D Tracking of an Articulated Hand.
Estimating Model Parameters and Boundaries By Minimizing a Joint, Robust Objective Function.
Towards Accurate Recovery of Shape from Shading under Diffuse Lighting.
Robust Hierarchical Algorithm for Constructing a Mosaic from Images of the Curved Human Retina.
A Minimal Solution for Relative Pose with Unknown Focal Length.
Selection and Fusion of Color Models for Feature Detection.
Image-Based Re-Rendering of Faces for Continuous Pose and Illumination Directions.
Wide-Baseline Stereo from Multiple Views: A Probabilistic Account.
Combined Depth and Outlier Estimation in Multi-View Stereo.
Precise Omnidirectional Camera Calibration.
Algorithms for Plane-Based Pose Estimation.
On Focal Length Calibration from Two Views.
Multi-View Geometry for General Camera Models.
Critical Motion Sequences for Monocular Self-Calibration and Uncalibrated Euclidean Reconstruction.
On Plane-Based Camera Calibration: A General Algorithm, Singularities, Applications.
Three-Dimensional Medial Shape Representation Incorporating Object Variability.
Dimension Recognition and Geometry Reconstruction in Vectorization of Engineering Drawings.
Nonlinear Mean Shift for Clustering over Analytic Manifolds.
Nonparametric Belief Propagation.
Depth from Familiar Objects: A Hierarchical Model for 3D Scenes.
Analyzing the Bidirectional Texture Function.
Dynamic Shadow Elimination for Multi-Projector Displays.
Runway Obstacle Detection by Controlled Spatiotemporal Image Flow Disparity.
Feature Kernel Functions: Improving SVMs Using High-Level Knowledge.
Imaging the Cardiovascular Pulse.
Image Comparison by Compound Disjoint Information.
Symmetric Stereo Matching for Occlusion Handling.
Automatic Cascade Training with Perturbation Bias.
Classification of Contour Shapes Using Class Segment Sets.
Ordinal Palmprint Represention for Personal Identification.
Image Hallucination with Primal Sketch Priors.
Are Textureless Scenes Recoverable?
Tracking With Sobolev Active Contours.
A tool for decomposing 3D discrete objects.
A Perspective on Distortions.
Non-Metric Calibration of Wide-Angle Lenses and Polycameras.
Indexing for Topics in Videos Using Foils.
Locating Indexing Structures in Engineering Drawing Databases Using Location Hashing.
CueVideo: A System for Cross-Modal Search and Browse of Video Databases.
A Multi-View Approach to Motion and Stereo.
Layer Extraction from Multiple Images Containing Reflections and Transparency.
Local Color Transfer via Probabilistic Segmentation by Expectation-Maximization.
Perceptually-Inspired and Edge-Directed Color Image Super-Resolution.
Arbitrary View Position and Direction Rendering for Large-Scale Scenes.
Difference Sphere: An Approach to Near Light Source Estimation.
Low-Cost Interactive Active Monocular Range Finder.
A Representation of Image Structure and Its Application to Object Selection Using Freehand Sketches.
On The Fundamental Performance For Fingerprint Matching.
Learning Non-Metric Partial Similarity Based on Maximal Margin Criterion.
Reflection Components Decomposition of Textured Surfaces Using Linear Basis Functions.
Illumination Chromaticity Estimation using Inverse-Intensity Chromaticity Space.
Separation of Highlight Reflections on Textured Surfaces.
Efficient Image Gradient-Based Object Localisation and Recognitio.
Theoretical Analysis on Reconstruction-Based Super-Resolution for an Arbitrary PSF.
A Parametric Template Method and Its Application to Robust Matching.
Gait Recognition from Time-Normalized Joint-Angle Trajectories in the Walking Plane.
Modelling the Effects of Walking Speed on Appearance-Based Gait Recognition.
Frame Synchronization and Multi-Level Subspace Analysis for Video Based Face Recognition.
Dense Photometric Stereo Using Tensorial Belief Propagation.
A Markov Random Field Approach for Dense Photometric Stereo.
Flying a Toy Plane.
Perspective Shape-from-Shading by Fast Marching.
Scene-Consistent Detection of Feature Points in Video Sequences.
Connected Vibrations: A Modal Analysis Approach for Non-Rigid Motion Tracking.
Explanation-Based Facial Motion Tracking Using a Piecewise Bézier Volume Deformation Model.
Human Carrying Status in Visual Surveillance.
Dynamic Layer Representation with Applications to Tracking.
Dynamic Depth Recovery from Multiple Synchronized Video Streams.
Orthogonal Complement Component Analysis for Positive Samples in SVM Based Relevance Feedback Image Retrieval.
Random Sampling Based SVM for Relevance Feedback Image Retrieval.
Estimating Intrinsic Component Images using Non-Linear Regression.
Efficient Graphical Models for Processing Images.
A New Complex Basis for Implicit Polynomial Curves and its Simple Exploitation for Pose Estimation and Invariant Recognition.
Algebraic Curves That Work Better.
Conditional Random People: Tracking Humans with CRFs and Grid Filters.
Combining Object and Feature Dynamics in Probabilistic Tracking.
Reconstruction of Articulated Objects from Point Correspondences in a Single Uncalibrated Image.
Robust Visual Servoing based on Relative Orientation.
Variants of Dynamic Link Architecture Based on Mathematical Morphology for Frontal Face Authentication.
Region Competition via Local Watershed Operators.
Perceptual Organization via the Symmetry Map and Symmetry Transforms.
Shocks from images: propagation of orientation elements.
Calibrated, Registered Images of an Extended Urban Area.
A Computational Approach to Steerable Functions.
Handwritten Digit Recognition with a Novel Vision Model that Extracts Linearly Separable Features.
Nearest Neighbor Search for Relevance Feedback.
Using a Linear Subspace Approach for Invariant Subpixel Material Identification in Airborne Hyperspectral Imagery.
Spatial Filter Selection for Illumination-Invariant Color Texture Discrimination.
Shape Context and Chamfer Matching in Cluttered Scenes.
Non-Rigid Matching Using Demons.
Fusion of Color, Shading and Boundary Information for Factory Pipe Segmentation.
The Radial Trifocal Tensor: A Tool for Calibrating the Radial Distortion of Wide-Angle Cameras.
Calibration of Pan-Tilt-Zoom (PTZ) Cameras and Omni-Directional Cameras.
Towards Multi-View Object Class Detection.
The Tensors of Three Affine Views.
Recognizing Upper Face Action Units for Facial Expression Analysis.
Robust and Efficient Foreground Analysis for Real-Time Video Surveillance.
Comparison of Approaches to Egomotion Computation.
Boosting Image Retrieval.
Extracting Subimages of an Unknown Category from a Set of Images.
Tracking of Elongated Structures Using Statistical Snakes.
Graph Partitioning by Spectral Rounding: Applications in Image Segmentation and Clustering.
Corrected Laplacians: Closer Cuts and Segmentation with Shape Priors.
Making Good Features Track Better.
A Unified Optimization Based Learning Method for Image Retrieval.
Inferring Facial Action Units with Causal Relations.
ROD-TV: Reconstruction on Demand by Tensor Voting.
First Order Tensor Voting, and Application to 3-D Scale Analysis.
Epipolar Geometry Estimation for Non-Static Scenes by 4D Tensor Voting.
Resolution vs. tracking error: zoom as a gain controller.
An Assessment of Information Criteria for Motion Model Selection.
Properties and Applications of Shape Recipes.
Sharing Features: Efficient Boosting Procedures for Multiclass Object Detection.
Dynamic Coupled Component Analysis.
Representational Oriented Component Analysis (ROCA) for Face Recognition with One Sample Image per Training Class.
Tracking and Modeling Non-Rigid Objects with Rank Constraints.
Grouping with Asymmetric Affinities: A Game-Theoretic Perspective.
Curvature Correction of the Hamilton-Jacobi Skeleton.
Integration of Top-down and Bottom-up Information for Image Labeling.
Instant 3Descatter.
Uncalibrated and Unsynchronized Human Motion Capture: A Stereo Factorization Approach.
Articulated Structure from Motion by Factorization.
Factorization Methods for Projective Structure and Motion.
Autocalibration and the absolute quadric.
AdaBoost.MRF: Boosted Markov Random Forests and Application to Multilevel Activity Recognition.
A Curve Evolution Approach to Smoothing and Segmentation Using the Mumford-Shah Functional.
Model-Based Curve Evolution Technique for Image Segmentation.
A Region-Based MRF Model for Unsupervised Segmentation of Moving Objects in Image Sequences.
Ego-Motion Estimation Using Optical Flow Fields Observed from Multiple Cameras.
Multiscale Combination of Physically-Based Registration and Deformation Modeling.
Nonrigid Motion Analysis Based on Dynamic Refinement of Finite Element Models.
Diffusion Tensor Regularization with Constraints Preservation.
Vector-Valued Image Regularization with PDE's : A Common Framework for Different Applications.
Wire Structure Pattern Extraction and Tracking From X-Ray Images of Composite Mechanisms.
Bayesian Color Constancy for Outdoor Object Recognition.
A Correlation-Based Model Prior for Stereo.
Stereo Matching with Reflections and Translucency.
Texture Replacement in Real Images.
Geometric and Shading Correction for Images of Printed Materials: A Unified Approach Using Boundary.
Feature Tracking from an Image Sequence Using Geometric Invariants.
Probabilistic 3D Polyp Detection in CT Images: The Role of Sample Alignment.
Face Localization via Hierarchical CONDENSATION with Fisher Boosting Feature Selection.
3D Surface Modeling from Range Curves.
Why I Want a Gradient Camera.
Efficient Grouping under Perspective Skew.
Biventricular Myocardial Kinematics Based on Tagged MRI from Anatomical NURBS Models.
Synchronizing Video Sequences.
A Framework for Recognizing a Facial Image from a Police Sketch.
Generative versus Discriminative Methods for Object Recognition.
Coupled PDEs for Non-Rigid Registration and Segmentation.
A Variational Approach to Problems in Calibration of Multiple Cameras.
Color Alignment in Texture Mapping of Images under Point Light Source and General Lighting Condition.
Monocular 3-D Tracking of the Golf Swing.
Monocular 3D Tracking of the Golf Swing.
3D People Tracking with Gaussian Process Dynamical Models.
Image Segmentation for Human Tracking Using Sequential-Image-Based Hierarchical Adaptation.
Multiple-Hand-Gesture Tracking using Multiple Cameras.
Eliminating Ghosting and Exposure Artifacts in Image Mosaics.
Fusing Online and Offline Information for Stable 3D Tracking in Real-Time.
Reconstructing Occluded Surfaces Using Synthetic Apertures: Stereo, Focus and Robust Measures.
Using Plane + Parallax for Calibrating Dense Camera Arrays.
Texture Classification: Are Filter Banks Necessary?
Estimating Illumination Direction from Textured Images.
Image Indexing with Mixture Hierarchies.
Feature Selection by Maximum Marginal Diversity: optimality and implications for visual recognition.
A Probabilistic Architecture for Content-Based Image Retrieval.
Empirical Bayesian EM-based Motion Segmentation.
A Spatiotemporal Motion Model for Video Summarization.
A Bayesian Framework for Semantic Content Characterization.
Scalable Discriminant Feature Selection for Image Retrieval and Recognition.
Weakly Supervised Top-down Image Segmentation.
Multilinear Subspace Analysis of Image Ensembles.
Multilinear Independent Components Analysis.
Activity Recognition Using the Dynamics of the Configuration of Interacting Objects.
Local Features, All Grown Up.
Shape and Motion Carving in 6D.
A Weighted Nearest Mean Classifier for Sparse Subspaces.
The Function Space of an Activity.
Role of Shape and Kinematics in Human Movement Analysis.
Probabilistic Parameter-Free Motion Detection.
Image Segmentation by Nested Cuts.
Semi-Dense Stereo Correspondence with Dense Features.
Fast Variable Window for Stereo Correspondence using Integral Images.
Extracting Dense Features for Visual Correspondence with Graph Cuts.
Stereo Correspondence by Dynamic Programming on a Tree.
A Coupled PDE Model of Nonlinear Diffusion for Image Smoothing and Segmentation.
What Image Information Is Important in Silhouette-Based Gait Recognition?
3D Building Detection and Modeling from Aerial LIDAR Data.
Variational Inference for Visual Tracking.
Constrained Subspace Modelling.
Improving Correlation-Based DEMs by Image Warping and Facade Correlation.
Using Robust Methods for Automatic Extraction of Buildings.
A bootstrapping algorithm for learning linear models of object classes.
Motion Segmentation with Missing Data Using PowerFactorization and GPCA.
A New GPCA Algorithm for Clustering Subspaces by Fitting, Differentiating and Dividing Polynomials.
Generalized Principal Component Analysis (GPCA).
Optical Flow Estimation and Segmentation of Multiple Moving Dynamic Textures.
Optimal Segmentation of Dynamic Scenes from Two Perspective Views.
A Closed Form Solution to Direct Motion Segmentation.
Structure and motion of curved 3D objects from monocular silhouettes.
Blurring Strategies for Image Segmentation Using a Multiscale Linking Model.
Rapid Object Detection using a Boosted Cascade of Simple Features.
Reconstruction in the Round Using Photometric Normals and Silhouettes..
Multi-View Stereo via Volumetric Graph-Cuts.
Appearance Based Behavior Recognition by Event Driven Selective Attention.
Detection and Tracking of Objects in Underwater Video.
Rank-R Approximation of Tensors: Using Image-as-Matrix Representation.
Generic Object Detection using Model Based Segmentation.
MRF Augmented Particle Filter Tracker.
Determining Correspondences and Rigid Motion of 3-D Point Sets with Missing Data.
Online Selecting Discriminative Tracking Features Using Particle Filter.
Bootstrapping SVM Active Learning by Incorporating Unlabelled Images for Image Retrieval.
Hybrid Textons: Modeling Surfaces with Reflectance and Geometry.
MosaicShape: Stochastic Region Grouping with Shape Prior.
Illumination and geometry invariant recognition of texture in color images.
Extracting Surface Textures and Microstructures from Multiple Aerial Images.
An Effective Approach to Detect Lesions in Color Retinal Images.
A Dynamic Conditional Random Field Model for Object Segmentation in Image Sequences.
Learn Discriminant Features for Multi-View Face and Eye Detection.
Performance Modeling and Prediction of Face Recognition Systems.
Unsupervised Discovery of Action Classes.
Shape Correspondence through Landmark Sliding.
Optimal Texture Map Reconstruction from Multiple Views.
Generalized Quotient Image.
Shape-Based 3D Surface Correspondence Using Geodesics and Local Geometry.
Hidden Conditional Random Fields for Gesture Recognition.
Picture Collage.
A Modular Approach to the Analysis and Evaluation of Particle Filters for Figure Tracking.
Optimal Adaptive Learning for Image Retrieval.
Boundary Finding with Correspondence Using Statistical Shape Models.
Using Three-Dimensional Features to Improve Terrain Classification.
Matching of Double-Sided Document Images to Remove Interference.
Random Sampling LDA for Face Recognition.
Dual-Space Linear Discriminant Analysis for Face Recognition.
Subspace Analysis Using Random Mixture Models.
Comparison of Local Plane Fitting Methods for Range Data.
Video Segmentation Based on Graphical Models.
An Affine Invariant Tensor Dissimilarity Measure and Its Applications to Tensor-Valued Image Segmentation.
Simultaneous Smoothing and Estimation of the Tensor Field from Diffusion Tens or MRI.
Groupwise point pattern registration using a novel CDF-based Jensen-Shannon Divergence.
3D Surface Matching and Recognition Using Conformal Geometry.
From Fragments to Salient Closed Boundaries: An In-Depth Study.
Learning Object Intrinsic Structure for Robust Visual Tracking.
Document Image Enhancement Using Directional Wavelet.
Videoshop: A New Framework for Spatio-Temporal Video Editing in Gradient Domain.
3D Facial Expression Recognition Based on Primitive Surface Feature Distribution.
Modeling Complex Motion by Tracking and Editing Hidden Markov Graphs.
Using Dependent Regions for Object Categorization in a Generative Framework.
AnnoSearch: Image Auto-Annotation by Search.
Semi-Supervised Classification Using Linear Neighborhood Propagation.
Minimal operator set for passive depth from defocus.
Towards Automatic Discovery of Object Categories.
Region-Based Progressive Stereo Matching.
Asymmetrical Occlusion Handling Using Graph Cut for Multi-View Stereo.
Generalized Dynamic Programming Approaches for Object Detection: Detecting Spine Boundaries and Vertebra Endplates.
Local Mode Filtering.
Boosting Saliency in Color Image Features.
Unsupervised Learning of Image Manifolds by Semidefinite Programming.
Automatic Discovery of Action Taxonomies from Multiple Views.
Improving Recognition of Novel Input with Similarity.
Smoothness in Layers: Motion segmentation using nonparametric mixture estimation.
A Unified Mixture Framework for Motion Segmentation: Incorporating Spatial Coherence and Estimating the Number of Models.
Face Relighting with Radiance Environment Maps.
Nonlinear Shape Restoration For Document Images.
A Novel Bayesian Method for Fitting Parametric and Non-Parametric Models to Noisy Data.
Robot Localization using Uncalibrated Camera Invariants.
Constraint on Five Points in Two Images.
Using Local 3D Structure for Segmentation of Bone from Computer Tomography Images.
Attention Control for Robot Vision.
Learning epipolar geometry from image sequences.
On the Synthesis of Dynamic Scenes from Reference Views.
Q-Warping: Direct Computation of Quadratic Reference Surfaces.
Space-Time Video Completion.
Combining Cues: Shape from Shading and Texture.
High-Speed Videography Using a Dense Camera Array.
Physically based fluid flow recovery from image sequences.
Hyper-patches for 3D model acquisition and tracking.
Sparse and Semi-supervised Visual Mapping with the SP.
Estimating Disparity and Occlusions in Stereo Video Sequences.
Local Parallel Computation of Stochastic Completion Fields.
Rational Discrete Generalized Cylinders and their Application to Shape Recovery in Medical Images.
A Specialized Multibaseline Stereo Technique for Obstacle Detection.
Bayesian Assembly of 3D Axially Symmetric Shapes from Fragments.
What Went Where.
Nonlinear PHMMs for the Interpretation of Parameterized Gesture.
Temporal Classification of Natural Gesture and Application to Video Coding.
Gauging Relational Consistency and Correcting Structural Errors.
A Minimum-Variance Adaptive Surface Mesh.
Subset Selection for Active Object Recognition.
The Layout Consistent Random Field for Recognizing and Segmenting Partially Occluded Objects.
Image Alignment for Precise Camera Fixation and Aim.
Combining Variable Selection with Dimensionality Reduction.
Perception Strategies in Hierarchical Vision Systems.
Robust Boosting for Learning from Few Examples.
Two-body Segmentation from Two Perspective Views.
Kernel Principal Angles for Classification Machines with Applications to Image Sequence Interpretation.
Polarization Phase-Based Method for Material Classification and Object Recognition in Computer Vision.
Image Understanding from Thermal Emission Polarization.
Personal Identification Utilizing Finger Surface Features.
Combination of Multiple Classifiers Using Local Accuracy Estimates.
Histogram-Based Object Recognition Using Shape-from-Shading.
Data-Driven Shape-from-Shading Using Curvature Consistency.
Homography from Coplanar Ellipses with Application to Forensic Blood Splatter Reconstruction.
Coupled Bayesian Framework for Dual Energy Image Registration.
View-Independent Recognition of Hand Postures.
Switching Observation Models for Contour Tracking in Clutter.
Identifying Color in Motion in Video Sensors.
Discriminant-EM Algorithm with Application to Image Retrieval.
Tracking Appearances with Occlusions.
A Statistical Field Model for Pedestrian Detection.
Robust Crease Detection in Fingerprint Images.
Multibody Grouping via Orthogonal Subspace Decomposition.
Additional Reviewers.
Video Proceedings Welcome.
Demo Proceedings Welcome.
Message from the Program and General Chairs.
Program Committee.
Message from the Program and General Chairs.
Conference Organization.
Program Committee.
Reviewers.
A New Active Contour Method Based on Elastic Interaction.
Region-based Image Annotation using Asymmetrical Support Vector Machine-based Multiple-Instance Learning.
Real-Time Combined 2D+3D Active Appearance Models.
Real-Time Multiple Objects Tracking with Occlusion Handling in Dynamic Scenes.
Simultaneous Registration and Modeling of Deformable Shapes.
Feature Based Visualization of Geophysical Data.
Non-Rigid Shape and Motion Recovery: Degenerate Deformations.
Multi-Resolution Real-Time Stereo on Commodity Graphics Hardware.
Joint Boosting Feature Selection for Robust Face Recognition.
Perceptual Organization of Radial Symmetries.
Motion Layer Extraction in the Presence of Occlusion Using Graph Cut.
Segmentation of a Piece-Wise Planar Scene from Perspective Images.
Accurate Motion Layer Segmentation and Matting.
Covariance-Driven Mosaic Formation from Sparsely-Overlapping Image Sets with Application to Retinal Image Mosaicing.
Error Analysis of a Real-Time Stereo Syste.
Gesture Recognition using Hidden Markov Models from Fragmented Observations.
Computing Depth Maps From Descent Imagery.
Tracking Non-Stationary Appearances and Dynamic Feature Selection.
Creating Image-Based VR Using a Self-Calibrating Fisheye Lens.
Intelligent Collaborative Tracking by Mining Auxiliary Objects.
Kernel Uncorrelated and Orthogonal Discriminant Analysis: A Unified Approach.
Stereo Matching with Color-Weighted Correlation, Hierarchical Belief Propagation and Occlusion Handling.
Object Segmentation Using Graph Cuts Based Active Contours.
Fisher+Kernel Criterion for Discriminant Analysis.
A High Resolution Grammatical Model for Face Representation and Sketching.
Determining a Polyhedral Shape Using Interreflections.
A Projective Invariant for Textures.
Efficient Model-Based Linear Head Motion Recovery from Movies.
A Multi-Channel Algorithm for Edge Detection Under Varying Lighting.
Semi-Supervised Learning Based Object Detection in Aerial Imagery.
Rank-one Projections with Adaptive Margins for Face Recognition.
3D Model Retrieval With Morphing-Based Geometric and Topological Feature Maps.
Gradient Vector Flow: A New External Force for Snakes.
Two-Stage Robust Optical Flow Estimation.
Modelling Reflections via Multiperspective Imaging.
A Linear Algorithm for Camera Self-Calibration, Motion and Structure Recovery for Multi-Planar Scenes from Two Perspective Images.
Local Gradient, Global Matching, Piecewise-Smooth Optical Flow.
Understanding Popout through Repulsion.
Concurrent Subspaces Analysis.
From Facial Expression to Level of Interest: A Spatio-Temporal Approach.
Temporal Multi-scale Models for Flow and Acceleration.
Detecting and Tracking Human Face and Eye Using Space-Varying Sensor and an Active Vision Head.
Geodesic Distance Evolution of Surfaces: A New Method for Matching Surfaces.
Searching the Web with Mobile Images for Location Recognition.
A Flow-Based Approach to Vehicle Detection and Background Mosaicking in Airborne Video.
Efficient Mean-Shift Tracking via a New Similarity Measure.
Object-Specific Figure-Ground Segregation.
Incremental Tracking of Human Actions from Multiple Views.
Identification of salient contours in cluttered images.
Scene Constraints-Aided Tracking of Human Body.
A PDE Approach for Measuring Tissue Thickness.
A Novel Data Association Algorithm for Object Tracking in Clutter with Application to Tennis Video Analysis.
Structure From Motion for Scenes Without Features.
Semi-Supervised Cross Feature Learning for Semantic Concept Detection in Videos.
Robust Occluding Contour Detection Using the Hausdorff Distance.
Collaborative Tracking of Multiple Targets.
A Factorization-Based Approach to Articulated Motion Recovery.
3D Object Depth Recovery from Highlights Using Active Sensor and Illumination Control.
Decentralized Multiple Target Tracking Using Netted Collaborative Autonomous Trackers.
A Factorization-Based Approach to Articulated Motion Recovery.
Actions Sketch: A Novel Action Representation.
Automatic Kinematic Chain Building from Feature Trajectories of Articulated Objects.
Physical Panoramic Pyramid and Noise Sensitivity in Pyramids.
Discriminant Analysis with Tensor Representation.
Spatial Divide and Conquer with Motion Cues for Tracking through Clutter.
Graph Embedding: A General Framework for Dimensionality Reduction.
Asymmetrically Boosted HMM for Speech Reading.
Coupled Kernel-Based Subspace Learning.
Locally Adaptive Support-Weight Approach for Visual Correspondence Search.
Learning Semantic Patterns with Discriminant Localized Binary Projections.
Stereo Matching with Symmetric Cost Functions.
A Discriminative Learning Framework with Pairwise Constraints for Video Object Classification.
Spin Discriminant Analysis (SDA) - Using a One-Dimensional Classifier for High Dimensional Classification Problems.
A Geometric Approach to Train Support Vector Machines.
General c-Means Clustering Model and Its Application.
Differential Tracking based on Spatial-Appearance Model (SAM).
Extraction and Classification of Visual Motion Patterns for Hand Gesture Recognition.
Segmentation Using Multiscale Cues.
Stochastic Computation of Medial Axis in Markov Random Fields.
Recognizing Hand Gesture Using Motion Trajectories.
Segmentation Induced by Scale Invariance.
Non-rigid Image Registration Using Geometric Features and Local Salient Region Features.
SDG Cut: 3D Reconstruction of Non-lambertian Objects Using Graph Cuts on Surface Distance Grid.
Joint Prior Models of Neighboring Objects for 3D Image Segmentation.
Rotated Wedge Averaging Method for Junction Classification.
A Segmentation-Free Approach for Skeletonization of Gray-Scale Images via Anisotropic Vector Diffusion.
Systems issues in distributed multi-modal surveillance.
Model-Based Target Recognition in Pulsed Ladar Imagery.
Shape Regularized Active Contour Using Iterative Global Search and Local Optimization.
Single-Image Vignetting Correction.
Detection and Characterization of Multiple Motion Points.
Surface Reconstruction of Bone from X-ray Images and Point Distribution Model Incorporating a Novel Method for 2D-3D Correspondence.
3D-Orientation Signatures with Conic Kernel Filtering for Multiple Motion Analysis.
Detecting Unusual Activity in Video.
Using Skew Gabor Filter in Source Signal Separation and Local Spectral Multi-Orientation Analysis.
Probabilistic Identity Characterization for Face Recognition.
Toward Robust Distance Metric Analysis for Similarity Estimation.
A Unified Framework for Uncertainty Propagation in Automatic Shape Tracking.
Discriminative Cluster Refinement: Improving Object Category Recognition Given Limited Training Data.
BoostMotion: Boosting a Discriminative Similarity Function for Motion Estimation.
Recovering Shape and Reflectance Model of Non-Lambertian Objects from Multiple Views.
Bayesian Tangent Shape Model: Estimating Shape and Pose Parameters via Bayesian Inference.
Pointwise Motion Tracking in Echocardiographic Images.
Small Sample Learning during Multimedia Retrieval using BiasMap.
Multi-Output Regularized Projection.
Hierarchical Structure and Nonrigid Motion Recovery from 2D Monocular Views.
A Novel Support Vector Classifier with Better Rejection Performance.
Binocular Stereo Dense Matching in the Presence of Specular Reflections.
Dynamic Environment Exploration Using a Virtual White Cane.
Extending Superquadrics with Exponent Functions: Modeling and Reconstruction.
3D Reconstruction of Background and Objects Moving on Ground Plane Viewed from a Moving Camera.
Fluid Structure and Motion Analysis from Multi-spectrum 2D Cloud Image Sequences.
High-Level and Generic Models for Visual Search: When Does High Level Knowledge Help?
Extracting Nonrigid Motion and 3D Structure of Hurricanes from Satellite Image Sequences without Correspondences.
Order Parameters for Minimax Entropy Distributions: When Does High Level Knowledge Help?
Image-Based Multiclass Boosting and Echocardiographic View Classification.
Where am I: Place instance and category recognition using spatial PACT.
Surface Shape from Warping.
Dynamic Depth Recovery from Unsynchronized Video Streams.
Shape and albedo from multiple images using integrability.
Automated Cartridge Identification for Firearm Authentication.
Spatially Coherent Clustering Using Graph Cuts.
A Bayesian Mixture Model for Multi-View Face Alignment.
Video Browsing Using Edges and Motion.
Parametric Representations for Nonlinear Modeling of Visual Data.
Multiview Texture Models.
Eye Gaze Tracking under Natural Head Movements.
2D Statistical Models of Facial Expressions for Realistic 3D Avatar Animation.
Alignment of Continuous Video onto 3D Point Clouds.
Two-View Motion Segmentation from Linear Programming Relaxation.
Event-Based Analysis of Video.
Segmentation and Tracking of Multiple Humans in Complex Situations.
Learning Generative Models via Discriminative Approaches.
Degeneracies, Dependencies and their Implications in Multi-body and Multi-Sequence Factorizations.
Qualitative and Quantitative Car Tracking from a Range Image Sequence.
Multiple Instance Learning of Pulmonary Embolism Detection with Geodesic Distance along Vascular Structure.
Multi-Frame Alignment of Planes.
Robust Real-Time Face Pose and Facial Expression Recovery.
Interactive Shape from Shading.
Learning in Gibbsian Fields: How Accurate and How Fast Can It Be?
Volumetric Layer Segmentation Using Coupled Surfaces Propagation.
Robust Visual Tracking Using Case-Based Reasoning with Confidence.
Audio-Visual Affect Recognition through Multi-Stream Fused HMM for HCI.
Selecting Principal Components in a Two-Stage LDA Algorithm.
3D Geometric and Optical Modeling of Warped Document Images from Scanners.
Learning Generic Prior Models for Visual Computation.
Fully 3D Active Surface Models with Self--Inflation and Self--Deflation Forces.
Meta-Evaluation of Image Segmentation Using Machine Learning.
Shape from Shading: Recognizing the Mountains through a Global View.
Classification Based on Symmetric Maximized Minimal Distance in Subspace (SMMS).
Fast Face Detection Using Subspace Discriminant Wavelet Features.
A Bayesian Framework for Fusing Multiple Word Knowledge Models in Videotext Recognition.
Tracking of Object with SVM Regression.
Top-Down and Bottom-Up Strategies in Lesion Detection of Background Diabetic Retinopathy.
FRAME: Filters, Random fields, and Minimax Entropy-- Towards a Unified Theory for Texture Modeling.
A Generative-Discriminative Hybrid Method for Multi-View Object Detection.
Panoramic EPI Generation and Analysis of Video from a Moving Platform with Vibration.
Recursive Recovery of Position and Orientation from Stereo Image Sequences without Three-Dimensional Structures.
Fast Human Detection Using a Cascade of Histograms of Oriented Gradients.
Representation and Matching of Articulated Shapes.
Integrating Bottom-Up/Top-Down for Object Recognition by Data Driven Markov Chain Monte Carlo.
Spacetime Stereo: Shape Recovery for Dynamic Scenes.
Reciprocal Image Features for Uncalibrated Helmholtz Stereopsis.
Nonlinear Face Recognition Based on Maximum Average Margin Criterion.
Toward a Stratification of Helmholtz Stereopsis.
Single View Modeling of Free-Form Scenes.
Color Subspaces as Photometric Invariants.
Semi-Supervised Adapted HMMs for Unusual Event Detection.
Tracking of the Articulated Upper Body on Multi-View Stereo Image Sequences.
Multi-Scale Classification of 3-D Objects.
Isotropic Processing for Gradient Estimation.
Harmonic Maps and Their Applications in Surface Matching.
An EM-Like Algorithm for Color-Histogram-Based Object Tracking.
Affine Object Tracking with Kernel-Based Spatial-Color Representation.
SVM-KNN: Discriminative Nearest Neighbor Classification for Visual Category Recognition.
Local Steerable Phase (LSP) Feature for Face Representation and Recognition.
Using geometric corners to build a 2D mosaic from a set of image.
Integrated 3D Scene Flow and Structure Recovery from Multiview Image Sequences.
2D-3D Rigid Registration of X-Ray Fluoroscopy and CT Images Using Mutual Information and Sparsely Sampled Histogram Estimators.
On 3D Scene Flow and Structure Estimation.
Shape Constrained Image Segmentation by Parametric Distributional Clustering.
3D Articulated Motion Estimation from Images.
Lensless Imaging with a Controllable Aperture.
Body Localization in Still Images Using Hierarchical Models and Hybrid Search.
Robust Super-Resolution.
Learning a discriminative classifier using shape context distances.
3D Probabilistic Feature Point Model for Object Detection and Recognition.
Efficiently Determining Silhouette Consistency.
Robust Tracking and Stereo Matching under Variable Illumination.
Transformation invariant component analysis for binary images.
Affine Image Registration Using a New Information Metric.
Isotropy, Reciprocity and the Generalized Bas-Relief Ambiguity.
Face Recognition Under Variable Lighting using Harmonic Image Exemplars.
High-Speed Visual Tracking of the Nearest Point of an Object Using 1, 000-fps Adaptive Pattern Projection.
Parameter Estimation for MRF Stereo.
Dimensionality Reduction and Clustering on Statistical Manifolds.
When Fisher meets Fukunaga-Koontz: A New Look at Linear Discriminants.
Change Detection in a 3-d World.
Self-Maintaining Camera Calibration Over Time.
Incremental Linear Discriminant Analysis Using Sufficient Spanning Set Approximations.
On Manifold Structure of Cardiac MRI Data: Application to Segmentation.
Detection and segmentation of moving objects in highly dynamic scenes.
Machine Learning for Clinical Diagnosis from Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Wide-Area Egomotion Estimation from Known 3D Structure.
Fast, Robust, and Consistent Camera Motion Estimation.
Inferring Temporal Order of Images From 3D Structure.
Restoration of Curved Document Images through 3D Shape Modeling.
Real-time Visual Tracking under Arbitrary Illumination Changes.
Applying Neighborhood Consistency for Fast Clustering and Kernel Density Estimation.
Joint Optimization of Cascaded Classifiers for Computer Aided Detection.
Motion Estimation from Spheres.
Statistical Shape Analysis of Multi-Object Complexes.
Face Synthesis and Recognition from a Single Image under Arbitrary Unknown Lighting Using a Spherical Harmonic Basis Morphable Model.
Quantifying Facial Expression Abnormality in Schizophrenia by Combining 2D and 3D Features.
Illuminant Direction Determination for Multiple Light Sources.
Online Spatial-temporal Data Fusion for Robust Adaptive Tracking.
Registration of Diffusion Tensor Images.
Thermal-Visible Video Fusion for Moving Target Tracking and Pedestrian Classification.
Multiscale Nonlinear Diffusion and Shock Filter for Ultrasound Image Enhancement.
3D Face Recognition in the Presence of Expression: A Guidance-based Constraint Deformation Approach.
Object Class Recognition Using Multiple Layer Boosting with Heterogeneous Features.
Canonical Face Depth Map: A Robust 3D Representation for Face Verification.
Hidden Semantic Concept Discovery in Region Based Image Retrieval.
Estimating Cluster Overlap on Manifolds and its Application to Neuropsychiatric Disorders.
Real-Time Wide Area Multi-Camera Stereo Tracking.
Tracking as Repeated Figure/Ground Segmentation.
Illumination-Insensitive Face Recognition Using Symmetric Shape-from-Shading.
Active Aperture Control and Sensor Modulation for Flexible Imaging.
Empirical Performance Analysis of Linear Discriminant Classifiers.
A Novel Representation for Riemannian Analysis of Elastic Curves in R.
Bayesian Human Segmentation in Crowded Situations.
Image Hallucination Using Neighbor Embedding over Visual Primitive Manifolds.
Tracking Multiple Humans in Crowded Environment.
Robust Local Features and their Application in Self-Calibration and Object Recognition on Embedded Systems.
LDV Sensing and Processing for Remote Hearing in a Multimodal Surveillance System.
Practical Online Active Learning for Classification.
Implicit Active Contours Driven by Local Binary Fitting Energy.
Sequential Architecture for Efficient Car Detection.
Fusion of Palmprint and Palm Vein Images for Person Recognition Based on "Laplacianpalm" Feature.
Using Segmentation to Verify Object Hypotheses.
Semi-supervised Hierarchical Models for 3D Human Pose Reconstruction.
Discovery of Collocation Patterns: from Visual Words to Visual Phrases.
Unsupervised Clustering using Multi-Resolution Perceptual Grouping.
Towards Robust Pedestrian Detection in Crowded Image Sequences.
Content-Based Image Annotation Refinement.
3D LayoutCRF for Multi-View Object Class Recognition and Segmentation.
On-line Simultaneous Learning and Tracking of Visual Feature Graphs.
Layered Depth Panoramas.
Robust Estimation of Texture Flow via Dense Feature Sampling.
Concurrent Multiple Instance Learning for Image Categorization.
In Situ Evaluation of Tracking Algorithms Using Time Reversed Chains.
Combining Static Classifiers and Class Syntax Models for Logical Entity Recognition in Scanned Historical Documents.
Image representations beyond histograms of gradients: The role of Gestalt descriptors.
Matrix-Structural Learning (MSL) of Cascaded Classifier from Enormous Training Set.
Eigenboosting: Combining Discriminative and Generative Information.
Analysis of Light Transport based on the Separation of Direct and Indirect Components.
Pedestrian Detection in Infrared Images based on Local Shape Features.
Symmetric Objects are Hardly Ambiguous.
Improved Legibility of Text for Multiprojector Tiled Displays.
Human Activity Recognition Based on R Transform.
Graph Cut Based Optimization for MRFs with Truncated Convex Priors.
Evaluation of Cost Functions for Stereo Matching.
ROI-SEG: Unsupervised Color Segmentation by Combining Differently Focused Sub Results.
The Hierarchical Isometric Self-Organizing Map for Manifold Representation.
PrivacyCam: a Privacy Preserving Camera Using uCLinux on the Blackfin DSP.
Capturing long-range correlations with patch models.
Joint Priors for Variational Shape and Appearance Modeling.
Delaunay Deformable Models: Topology-Adaptive Meshes Based on the Restricted Delaunay Triangulation.
Hardware implementation of an SAD based stereo vision algorithm.
Shape Representation and Registration using Vector Distance Functions.
Non-linear IR Scene Prediction for Range Video Surveillance.
Boosting Coded Dynamic Features for Facial Action Units and Facial Expression Recognition.
Focal Pre-Correction of Projected Image for Deblurring Screen Image.
An Exemplar Model for Learning Object Classes.
Recognizing Night Walkers Based on One Pseudoshape Representation of Gait.
Performance Benchmark of DSP and FPGA Implementations of Low-Level Vision Algorithms.
Efficient Indexing For Articulation Invariant Shape Matching And Retrieval.
Detector adaptation by maximising agreement between independent data sources.
Variational Distance-Dependent Image Restoration.
A Real-Time ProCam System for Interaction with Chinese Ink-and-Wash Cartoons.
A Probabilistic Model for Object Recognition, Segmentation, and Non-Rigid Correspondence.
EDA Approach for Model Based Localization and Recognition of Vehicles.
Robust Rotation and Translation Estimation in Multiview Reconstruction.
Mapping Natural Image Patches by Explicit and Implicit Manifolds.
Detecting Pedestrians by Learning Shapelet Features.
Biased Manifold Embedding: A Framework for Person-Independent Head Pose Estimation.
Utilizing Variational Optimization to Learn Markov Random Fields.
A Benchmarking Dataset for Performance Evaluation of Automatic Surface Reconstruction Algorithms.
Shape Variation-Based Frieze Pattern for Robust Gait Recognition.
A Quasi-Minimal Model for Paper-Like Surfaces.
Automatic Face Recognition from Skeletal Remains.
Contextual Identity Recognition in Personal Photo Albums.
City-Scale Location Recognition.
Multi-modal Person Identification in a Smart Environment.
Bilattice-based Logical Reasoning for Human Detection.
Image Classification with Segmentation Graph Kernels.
Adaptive Distance Metric Learning for Clustering.
A Specialized Processor Suitable for AdaBoost-Based Detection with Haar-like Features.
Shape Statistics for Image Segmentation with Prior.
Target Tracking with Online Feature Selection in FLIR Imagery.
Online Appearance Model Learning for Video-Based Face Recognition.
Recognizing Human Activities from Silhouettes: Motion Subspace and Factorial Discriminative Graphical Model.
Marker-less Deformable Mesh Tracking for Human Shape and Motion Capture.
Real-Time Projector Tracking on Complex Geometry Using Ordinary Imagery.
Thermal Imaging of the Superficial Temporal Artery: An Arterial Pulse Recovery Model.
Displaying a Moving Image By Multiple Steerable Projectors.
Enhanced Level Building Algorithm for the Movement Epenthesis Problem in Sign Language Recognition.
Robust Real-Time Visual SLAM Using Scale Prediction and Exemplar Based Feature Description.
Robust Bayesian Estimation and Normalized Convolution for Super-resolution Image Reconstruction.
Feasibility Boundary in Dense and Semi-Dense Stereo Matching.
Free-Form Nonrigid Image Registration Using Generalized Elastic Nets.
Projector Calibration using Arbitrary Planes and Calibrated Camera.
Monocular and Stereo Methods for AAM Learning from Video.
Trajectory Series Analysis based Event Rule Induction for Visual Surveillance.
Influence of numerical conditioning on the accuracy of relative orientation.
Shape from Shading Under Various Imaging Conditions.
Scene Classification Using Bag-of-Regions Representations.
Shape from Planar Curves: A Linear Escape from Flatland.
Unsupervised Activity Perception by Hierarchical Bayesian Models.
On Constant Focal Length Self-Calibration From Multiple Views.
A Human Action Recognition System for Embedded Computer Vision Application.
Progressive Finite Newton Approach To Real-time Nonrigid Surface Detection.
Object retrieval with large vocabularies and fast spatial matching.
A Graph Cut Approach to Image Segmentation in Tensor Space.
Fast Sparse Gaussian Processes Learning for Man-Made Structure Classification.
A Topological Approach to Hierarchical Segmentation using Mean Shift.
Probabilistic Reverse Annotation for Large Scale Image Retrieval.
An Active Illumination and Appearance (AIA) Model for Face Alignment.
On Constructing Facial Similarity Maps.
Salient Object Detection on Large-Scale Video Data.
Simultaneous Matting and Compositing.
Speckle Tracking in 3D Echocardiography with Motion Coherence.
Optimal Step Nonrigid ICP Algorithms for Surface Registration.
A Component-Based Approach to Hand Verification.
Keypoint Descriptors for Matching Across Multiple Image Modalities and Non-linear Intensity Variations.
Illumination Multiplexing within Fundamental Limits.
Semi-supervised Learning on Semantic Manifold for Event Analysis in Dynamic Scenes.
Incorporating On-demand Stereo for Real Time Recognition.
Classifying Video with Kernel Dynamic Textures.
Mumford-Shah Meets Stereo: Integration of Weak Depth Hypotheses.
Autocalibration and Uncalibrated Reconstruction of Shape from Defocus.
Beyond Local Appearance: Category Recognition from Pairwise Interactions of Simple Features.
PEET: Prototype Embedding and Embedding Transition for Matching Vehicles over Disparate Viewpoints.
A Minutiae-based Fingerprint Individuality Model.
Multimodal Surveillance: an Introduction.
Riemannian Analysis of Probability Density Functions with Applications in Vision.
Saliency Detection: A Spectral Residual Approach.
Fourier Methods for Nonparametric Image Registration.
Geometric Modeling and Calibration of Planar Multi-Projector Displays Using Rational Bezier Patches.
A Bio-inspired Learning Approach for the Classification of Risk Zones in a Smart Space.
Simultaneous Optimization of Structure and Motion in Dynamic Scenes Using Unsynchronized Stereo Cameras.
A Direct and Efficient Method for Piecewise-Planar Surface Reconstruction from Stereo Images.
Simultaneous Depth Reconstruction and Restoration of Noisy Stereo Images using Non-local Pixel Distribution.
OPTIMOL: automatic Online Picture collecTion via Incremental MOdel Learning.
Towards Scalable Representations of Object Categories: Learning a Hierarchy of Parts.
Imaging the Finger Force Direction.
Learning Visual Similarity Measures for Comparing Never Seen Objects.
Robust 3D Face Recognition Using Learned Visual Codebook.
Kinematics from Lines in a Single Rolling Shutter Image.
Soft Edge Smoothness Prior for Alpha Channel Super Resolution.
Multi-View Document Rectification using Boundary.
Multi-Modal Biometrics Involving the Human Ear.
Euclidean Path Modeling from Ground and Aerial Views.
Improving Iris Identification using User Quality and Cohort Information.
Using Stereo Matching for 2-D Face Recognition Across Pose.
3D Pose Estimation Based on Multiple Monocular Cues.
Statistics of Infrared Images.
A Blind Source Separation Perspective on Image Restoration.
A contextual dissimilarity measure for accurate and efficient image search.
Active Visual Object Reconstruction using D-, E-, and T-Optimal Next Best Views.
Learning the Compositional Nature of Visual Objects.
Learning Motion Categories using both Semantic and Structural Information.
A Variational Approach to the Evolution of Radial Basis Functions for Image Segmentation.
On the Efficacy of Correcting for Refractive Effects in Iris Recognition.
A boosting regression approach to medical anatomy detection.
Sensor Fusion and Environmental Modelling for Multimodal Sentient Computing.
Topology-preserving Geometric Deformable Model on Adaptive Quadtree Grid.
Learning GMRF Structures for Spatial Priors.
Conformal Embedding Analysis with Local Graph Modeling on the Unit Hypersphere.
Spatio-temporal Shape and Flow Correlation for Action Recognition.
A Multimodality Framework for Creating Speaker/Non-Speaker Profile Databases for Real-World Video.
Single Image Motion Deblurring Using Transparency.
Learning Gaussian Conditional Random Fields for Low-Level Vision.
Realizing Super-Resolution with Superimposed Projection.
Real-Time Posture Analysis in a Crowd using Thermal Imaging.
Feature Mining for Image Classification.
Physics-Based Person Tracking Using Simplified Lower-Body Dynamics.
Cordless portable multi-view fringe projection system for 3D reconstruction.
A New Performance Evaluation Method for Face Identification - Regression Analysis of Misidentification Risk.
Belief Propagation in a 3D Spatio-temporal MRF for Moving Object Detection.
An Embodied User Interface for Increasing Physical Activities in Game.
An end-to-end eChronicling System for Mobile Human Surveillance.
Regression tracking with data relevance determination.
Maximally Stable Colour Regions for Recognition and Matching.
Shadow Removal in Front Projection Environments Using Object Tracking.
Real-time Planar Surface Segmentation in Disparity Space.
A Robust Warping Method for Fingerprint Matching.
One-class Machine Learning for Brain Activation Detection.
Inter-Reflection Compensation for Immersive Projection Display.
Fast, Approximately Optimal Solutions for Single and Dynamic MRFs.
Fast 3D Scanning with Automatic Motion Compensation.
Approximate Nearest Subspace Search with Applications to Pattern Recognition.
Face Recognition in Video: Adaptive Fusion of Multiple Matchers.
Secure Biometric Templates from Fingerprint-Face Features.
Revocable Fingerprint Biotokens: Accuracy and Security Analysis.
Pyramid Match Hashing: Sub-Linear Time Indexing Over Partial Correspondences.
Unsupervised Learning of Invariant Feature Hierarchies with Applications to Object Recognition.
Unsupervised Learning of Image Transformations.
Complex Salient Regions for Computer Vision Problems.
A Hierarchical Model of Shape and Appearance for Human Action Classification.
Groupwise Shape Registration on Raw Edge Sequence via A Spatio-Temporal Generative Model.
Generalized Thin-Plate SplineWarps.
Scaled Motion Dynamics for Markerless Motion Capture.
OpenVL: Towards A Novel Software Architecture for Computer Vision.
Robust Face Alignment for Illumination and Pose Invariant Face Recognition.
Joint Real-time Object Detection and Pose Estimation Using Probabilistic Boosting Network.
Sensor noise modeling using the Skellam distribution: Application to the color edge detection.
Nonnegative Tucker Decomposition.
Optimal Dimensionality Discriminant Analysis and Its Application to Image Recognition.
The effective resolution of correlation filters applied to natural scenes.
Fisher Kernels on Visual Vocabularies for Image Categorization.
Inferring Grammar-based Structure Models from 3D Microscopy Data.
Moving Forward in Structure From Motion.
Efficient Belief Propagation for Vision Using Linear Constraint Nodes.
Accurate Object Detection with Deformable Shape Models Learnt from Images.
Leveraging temporal, contextual and ordering constraints for recognizing complex activities in video.
Real-time Automatic Deceit Detection from Involuntary Facial Expressions.
Home Interior Classification using SIFT Keypoint Histograms.
Constrained Optimization for Retinal Curvature Estimation Using an Affine Camera.
Parameter Sensitive Detectors.
Patch-based Image Correlation with Rapid Filtering.
Learning Features for Tracking.
Segmenting Motions of Different Types by Unsupervised Manifold Clustering.
Light Fall-off Stereo.
Multiphase Segmentation of Deformation using Logarithmic Priors.
Stereo Matching via Disparity Estimation and Surface Modeling.
Towards Fog-Free In-Vehicle Vision Systems through Contrast Restoration.
Local Shape Registration Using Boundary-Constrained Match of Skeletons.
Compositional Boosting for Computing Hierarchical Image Structures.
Kernel-based Tracking from a Probabilistic Viewpoint.
Face Recognition using Discriminatively Trained Orthogonal Rank One Tensor Projections.
Tree-based Classifiers for Bilayer Video Segmentation.
Multi-label image segmentation via max-sum solver.
Seamless Mosaicing of Image-Based Texture Maps.
Crisp Weighted Support Vector Regression for robust single model estimation : application to object tracking in image sequences.
Precise Registration of 3D Models To Images by Swarming Particles.
Part-based Face Recognition Using Near Infrared Images.
A Topic-Motion Model for Unsupervised Video Object Discovery.
Harmony in Motion.
Automatic Removal of Chromatic Aberration from a Single Image.
Quality-Driven Face Occlusion Detection and Recovery.
Automatic Person Detection and Tracking using Fuzzy Controlled Active Cameras.
Linear Laplacian Discrimination for Feature Extraction.
Learning Visual Representations using Images with Captions.
Human Identification using Gait and Face.
A Fast 3D Correspondence Method for Statistical Shape Modeling.
From Videos to Verbs: Mining Videos for Activities using a Cascade of Dynamical Systems.
Large scale vision-based navigation without an accurate global reconstruction.
A Linear Programming Approach for Multiple Object Tracking.
A Benchmark for the Comparison of 3-D Motion Segmentation Algorithms.
An Efficient Minimal Solution for Infinitesimal Camera Motion.
An Adaptive Focal Connectivity Algorithm for Multifocus Fusion.
High-dimensional statistical distance for region-of-interest tracking: Application to combining a soft geometric constraint with radiometry.
Multi-scale Structural Saliency for Signature Detection.
Tracking in Low Frame Rate Video: A Cascade Particle Filter with Discriminative Observers of Different Lifespans.
Automatic texture mapping on real 3D model.
Accurate Dynamic Sketching of Faces from Video.
Detecting Object Boundaries Using Low-, Mid-, and High-level Information.
Sensor and Data Systems, Audio-Assisted Cameras and Acoustic Doppler Sensors.
Efficient Sampling of Disparity Space for Fast And Accurate Matching.
Hierarchical Recognition of Human Activities Interacting with Objects.
The Hyperbolic Geometry of Illumination-Induced Chromaticity Changes.
Topology Preserving Log-Unbiased Nonlinear Image Registration: Theory and Implementation.
Simultaneous Covariance Driven Correspondence (CDC) and Transformation Estimation in the Expectation Maximization Framework.
Flexible Object Models for Category-Level 3D Object Recognition.
Modelling Objects using Distribution and Topology of Multiscale Region Pairs.
OVVV: Using Virtual Worlds to Design and Evaluate Surveillance Systems.
Color Constancy using Natural Image Statistics.
Application of the Reeb Graph Technique to Vehicle Occupant's Head Detection in Low-resolution Range Images.
Using Geometry Invariants for Camera Response Function Estimation.
Hierarchical Structuring of Data on Manifolds.
Beyond bottom-up: Incorporating task-dependent influences into a computational model of spatial attention.
What makes a good model of natural images?
Local and Weighted Maximum Margin Discriminant Analysis.
Inferring 3D Volumetric Shape of Both Moving Objects and Static Background Observed by a Moving Camera.
Two thresholds are better than one.
Variable Bandwidth Image Denoising Using Image-based Noise Models.
Learning Object Material Categories via Pairwise Discriminant Analysis.
On the Spacetime Geometry of Galilean Cameras.
Visual Curvature.
3D Occlusion Inference from Silhouette Cues.
Multiple-View Face Tracking For Modeling and Analysis Based On Non-Cooperative Video Imagery.
Evaluation of Epipole Estimation Methods with/without Rank-2 Constraint across Algebraic/Geometric Error Functions.
Filtered Component Analysis to Increase Robustness to Local Minima in Appearance Models.
Stereo Matching on Objects with Fractional Boundary.
Partially Occluded Object-Specific Segmentation in View-Based Recognition.
Opti-Acoustic Stereo Imaging, System Calibration and 3-D Reconstruction.
Hybrid learning of large jigsaws.
Discontinuity Preserving Filtering over Analytic Manifolds.
Real-Time Plane-Sweeping Stereo with Multiple Sweeping Directions.
Scene Segmentation and Categorization Using NCuts.
Composite Models of Objects and Scenes for Category Recognition.
Trace Ratio vs. Ratio Trace for Dimensionality Reduction.
Real-Time Projector Tracking on Complex Geometry Using Ordinary Imagery.
Robust Occlusion Handling in Object Tracking.
Fusion of Face and Palmprint for Personal Identification Based on Ordinal Features.
Feature Extraction by Maximizing the Average Neighborhood Margin.
Improved Video Registration using Non-Distinctive Local Image Features.
Single View Human Action Recognition using Key Pose Matching and Viterbi Path Searching.
Element Rearrangement for Tensor-Based Subspace Learning.
Spatial-Depth Super Resolution for Range Images.
Weighted Substructure Mining for Image Analysis.
A Lagrangian Particle Dynamics Approach for Crowd Flow Segmentation and Stability Analysis.
Audio-Visual Speech Fusion Using Coupled Hidden Markov Models.
On the Direct Estimation of the Fundamental Matrix.
Multi-scale Features for Detection and Segmentation of Rocks in Mars Images.
Autocalibration via Rank-Constrained Estimation of the Absolute Quadric.
Nearest First Traversing Graph for Simultaneous Object Tracking and Recognition.
Discriminant Mutual Subspace Learning for Indoor and Outdoor Face Recognition.
Kernel-Based 3D Tracking.
Toward Flexible 3D Modeling using a Catadioptric Camera.
Metropolis-Hasting techniques for finite-element-based registration.
Regularized Mixed Dimensionality and Density Learning in Computer Vision.
Online Detection of Fire in Video.
A Graph Reduction Method for 2D Snake Problems.
Combining Region and Edge Cues for Image Segmentation in a Probabilistic Gaussian Mixture Framework.
Viewpoint-Coded Structured Light.
Sparse Kernels for Bayes Optimal Discriminant Analysis.
Local Ensemble Kernel Learning for Object Category Recognition.
Spatial selection for attentional visual tracking.
Virtual Recovery of the Deteriorated Art Object based on AR Technology.
Learning Dynamic Event Descriptions in Image Sequences.
Research issues in image registration for remote sensing.
Polarization and Phase-Shifting for 3D Scanning of Translucent Objects.
Fusing Local Image Descriptors for Large-Scale Image Retrieval.
Online Learning Asymmetric Boosted Classifiers for Object Detection.
Texture-Preserving Shadow Removal in Color Images Containing Curved Surfaces.
Face Recognition Using Kernel Ridge Regression.
Handwritten Carbon Form Preprocessing Based on Markov Random Field.
Offline Signature Verification Using Online Handwriting Registration.
Nonlinear Dynamical Shape Priors for Level Set Segmentation.
Adaptive Patch Features for Object Class Recognition with Learned Hierarchical Models.
Principal Curvature-Based Region Detector for Object Recognition.
Multiple Target Tracking Using Spatio-Temporal Markov Chain Monte Carlo Data Association.
Discriminant Interest Points are Stable.
Multimodal workbench for automatic surveillance applications.
Shape from Shading Based on Lax-Friedrichs Fast Sweeping and Regularization Techniques With Applications to Document Image Restoration.
Accurate Object Localization with Shape Masks.
Real-time Object Classification in Video Surveillance Based on Appearance Learning.
Multi-Use Light Engine - Fast Projection.
Deformable Motion Tracking of Cardiac Structures (DEMOTRACS) for Improved MR Imaging.
A Surface-Growing Approach to Multi-View Stereo Reconstruction.
A Nine-point Algorithm for Estimating Para-Catadioptric Fundamental Matrices.
On the Performance Prediction and Validation for Multisensor Fusion.
Learning Kernel Expansions for Image Classification.
Anonymous and Revocable Fingerprint Recognition.
Resolving Objects at Higher Resolution from a Single Motion-blurred Image.
A Probabilistic Intensity Similarity Measure based on Noise Distributions.
Object Classification in Visual Surveillance Using Adaboost.
Multiple Class Segmentation Using A Unified Framework over Mean-Shift Patches.
Kernel Fukunaga-Koontz Transform Subspaces For Enhanced Face Recognition.
Segmental Hidden Markov Models for View-based Sport Video Analysis.
Differential Camera Tracking through Linearizing the Local Appearance Manifold.
Image-Based Localization Using Hybrid Feature Correspondences.
CRF-driven Implicit Deformable Model.
A Comparison of PMD-Cameras and Stereo-Vision for the Task of Surface Reconstruction using Patchlets.
Optimized Color Sampling for Robust Matting.
High Distortion and Non-Structural Image Matching via Feature Co-occurrence.
A Bayesian Non-Gaussian Mixture Analysis: Application to Eye Modeling.
Algorithms for Batch Matrix Factorization with Application to Structure-from-Motion.
Deformable Surface Tracking Ambiguities.
Moving Object Detection on a Runway Prior to Landing Using an Onboard Infrared Camera.
Real-time Gesture Recognition with Minimal Training Requirements and On-line Learning.
On Stabilisation of Parametric Active Contours.
Scene-space Feature Detectors.
Detector Ensemble.
Design and Deployment of Visible-Thermal Biometric Surveillance Systems.
Integrating Global and Local Structures: A Least Squares Framework for Dimensionality Reduction.
Segmenting Images on the Tensor Manifold.
A Bayesian algorithm for tracking multiple moving objects in outdoor surveillance video.
Skin Detail Analysis for Face Recognition.
Discriminant Additive Tangent Spaces for Object Recognition.
A Multi-Scale Tikhonov Regularization Scheme for Implicit Surface Modelling.
Tracking Large Variable Numbers of Objects in Clutter.
Robust Metric Reconstruction from Challenging Video Sequences.
P3 & Beyond: Solving Energies with Higher Order Cliques.
Global Optimization for Shape Fitting.
Estimating Scale of a Scene from a Single Image Based on Defocus Blur and Scene Geometry.
Real-Time License Plate Recognition on an Embedded DSP-Platform.
Resolving the Generalized Bas-Relief Ambiguity by Entropy Minimization.
A Nonparametric Treatment for Location/Segmentation Based Visual Tracking.
Spectral Matting.
Latent-Dynamic Discriminative Models for Continuous Gesture Recognition.
Layered Graph Match with Graph Editing.
Multi-class object tracking algorithm that handles fragmentation and grouping.
DigiTable: an interactive multiuser table for collocated and remote collaboration enabling remote gesture visualization.
Using Group Prior to Identify People in Consumer Images.
Progressive Learning for Interactive Surveillance Scenes Retrieval.
Epitomic Representation of Human Activities.
Manifold Learning Techniques in Image Analysis of High-dimensional Diffusion Tensor Magnetic Resonance Images.
Cast Shadow Removal Combining Local and Global Features.
Image Segmentation by Probabilistic Bottom-Up Aggregation and Cue Integration.
Unsupervised Segmentation of Objects using Efficient Learning.
Recognizing objects by piecing together the Segmentation Puzzle.
Object of Interest segmentation and Tracking by Using Feature Selection and Active Contours.
Using Multiple Patches for 3D Object Recognition.
Tracking-as-Recognition for Articulated Full-Body Human Motion Analysis.
Flexible Pixel Compositor for Plug-and-Play Multi-Projector Displays.
Facial Expression Biometrics Using Tracker Displacement Features.
Microphone Arrays as Generalized Cameras for Integrated Audio Visual Processing.
Automatic Image Annotation by Ensemble of Visual Descriptors.
Learning Color Names from Real-World Images.
Multimodal Tracking for Smart Videoconferencing and Video Surveillance.
Objects in Action: An Approach for Combining Action Understanding and Object Perception.
Are Digraphs Good for Free-Text Keystroke Dynamics?
Diverse Active Ranking for Multimedia Search.
Multimodal Mean Adaptive Backgrounding for Embedded Real-Time Video Surveillance.
Multi-modal Clustering for Multimedia Collections.
Spatio-Temporal Markov Random Field for Video Denoising.
A New Method for Object Tracking Based on Regions Instead of Contours.
Multiview normal field integration using level set methods.
Minimal Solutions for Panoramic Stitching.
Semantic Hierarchies for Visual Object Recognition.
Removal of Image Artifacts Due to Sensor Dust.
Quasi-Dense Wide Baseline Matching Using Match Propagation.
Modeling Appearances with Low-Rank SVM.
Artificial Complex Cells via the Tropical Semiring.
Learning Conditional Random Fields for Stereo.
Multiple View Image Reconstruction: A Harmonic Approach.
Bottom-up Recognition and Parsing of the Human Body.
Searching Video for Complex Activities with Finite State Models.
High-Speed Measurement of BRDF using an Ellipsoidal Mirror and a Projector.
Efficient MRF Deformation Model for Non-Rigid Image Matching.
Gradient Intensity: A New Mutual Information-Based Registration Method.
Motion and Appearance Contexts for Tracking and Re-Acquiring Targets in Aerial Videos.
Trajectory Association across Non-overlapping Moving Cameras in Planar Scenes.
A Closed-form Solution to 3D Reconstruction of Piecewise Planar Objects from Single Images.
Graphical Model Approach to Iris Matching Under Deformation and Occlusion.
Human Detection via Classification on Riemannian Manifolds.
ShadowCuts: Photometric Stereo with Shadows.
Simultaneous Detection and Segmentation of Pedestrians using Top-down and Bottom-up Processing.
Region Classification with Markov Field Aspect Models.
Robust Change-Detection by Normalised Gradient-Correlation.
Fast Terrain Classification Using Variable-Length Representation for Autonomous Navigation.
Shape matching through particle dynamics warping.
An MRF and Gaussian Curvature Based Shape Representation for Shape Matching.
Matching Local Self-Similarities across Images and Videos.
Discriminative Learning of Dynamical Systems for Motion Tracking.
The ARL Multi-Modal Sensor: A research tool for target signature collection, algorithm validation, and emplacement studies.
On the Blind Classification of Time Series.
Real-Time Image Matching Based on Multiple View Kernel Projection.
On-the-fly Object Modeling while Tracking.
Efficient new-view synthesis using pairwise dictionary priors.
Learning and Matching Line Aspects for Articulated Objects.
A Sequential Monte Carlo Approach to Anomaly Detection in Tracking Visual Events.
Optimizing Distribution-based Matching by Random Subsampling.
Tensor Canonical Correlation Analysis for Action Classification.
Photometric Self-Calibration of a Projector-Camera System.
Biometric Authentication using Finger-Back Surface.
Dynamic 3D Scene Analysis from a Moving Vehicle.
Face Re-Lighting from a Single Image under Harsh Lighting Conditions.
Learning Local Image Descriptors.
Generic Face Alignment using Boosted Appearance Model.
Iterative MAP and ML Estimations for Image Segmentation.
Capturing People in Surveillance Video.
Optimizing Binary MRFs via Extended Roof Duality.
Model-Guided Segmentation of 3D Neuroradiological Image Using Statistical Surface Wavelet Model.
Visual Event Recognition in News Video using Kernel Methods with Multi-Level Temporal Alignment.
Pose and Illumination Invariant Face Recognition in Video.
Transfer Learning in Sign language.
Hierarchical Learning of Curves Application to Guidewire Localization in Fluoroscopy.
Towards Automatic Photometric Correction of Casually Illuminated Documents.
Map-Enhanced UAV Image Sequence Registration and Synchronization of Multiple Image Sequences.
An Optimal Reduced Representation of a MoG with Applicatios to Medical Image Database Classification.
Detecting Specular Surfaces on Natural Images.
Local Structure Detection with Orientation-invariant Radial Configuration.
Joint Object Segmentation and Behavior Classification in Image Sequences.
Toward A Discriminative Codebook: Codeword Selection across Multi-resolution.
Projective Factorization of Multiple Rigid-Body Motions.
Learning a Spatially Smooth Subspace for Face Recognition.
Online Learning for Human-Robot Interaction.
Accurate, Dense, and Robust Multi-View Stereopsis.
Consistent Temporal Variations in Many Outdoor Scenes.
The Effect of Pixel-Level Fusion on Object Tracking in Multi-Sensor Surveillance Video.
Invariant Features of Local Texturesa rotation invariant local texture descriptor.
Extraction of surface normal and index of refraction using a pair of passive infrared polarimetric sensors.
Non-intrusive Iris Image Capturing System Using Light Stripe Projection and Pan-Tilt-Zoom Camera.
Hidden Markov Models with Kernel Density Estimation of Emission Probabilities and their Use in Activity Recognition.
Variational Bayes Based Approach to Robust Subspace Learning.
Automated Individualization of Deformable Eye Region Model and Its Application to Eye Motion Analysis.
Detailed Human Shape and Pose from Images.
Combining local and global motion models for feature point tracking.
Recognizing Faces of Moving People by Hierarchical Image-Set Matching.
Multi-Layer Background Subtraction Based on Color and Texture.
Fiber Tract Clustering on Manifolds With Dual Rooted-Graphs.
Probabilistic visibility for multi-view stereo.
Connecting the Out-of-Sample and Pre-Image Problems in Kernel Methods.
Modulation Domain Template Tracking.
A Variational Bayesian Approach for Classification with Corrupted Inputs.
Semantic Hierarchies for Recognizing Objects and Parts.
Object Tracking by Asymmetric Kernel Mean Shift with Automatic Scale and Orientation Selection.
Image Matching via Saliency Region Correspondences.
Kernel Sharing With Joint Boosting For Multi-Class Concept Detection.
A practical algorithm for L triangulation with outliers.
Projector-Camera Guided Fast Environment Restoration of a Biofeedback System for Rehabilitation.
A Unified Probabilistic Framework for Facial Activity Modeling and Understanding.
Radiometric Calibration from Noise Distributions.
Flash Cut: Foreground Extraction with Flash and No-flash Image Pairs.
Hierarchical Matching of Deformable Shapes.
A minimal solution to the autocalibration of radial distortion.
Fast Keypoint Recognition in Ten Lines of Code.
Learning to Detect A Salient Object.
Reducing correspondence ambiguity in loosely labeled training data.
A Face Annotation Framework with Partial Clustering and Interactive Labeling.
Topology matching for 3D video compression.
Accurately measuring human movement using articulated ICP with soft-joint constraints and a repository of articulated models.
Solving Large Scale Binary Quadratic Problems: Spectral Methods vs. Semidefinite Programming.
Unsupervised Learning of Hierarchical Semantics of Objects (hSOs).
Closed-Loop Tracking and Change Detection in Multi-Activity Sequences.
Linear and Quadratic Subsets for Template-Based Tracking.
Robustness of the New Owner-Tester Approach for Face Identification Experiments.
Recognizing Groceries in situ Using in vitro Training Data.
Robust Click-Point Linking: Matching Visually Dissimilar Local Regions.
Improving Variance Estimation in Biometric Systems.
Using Galois Theory to Prove Structure from Motion Algorithms are Optimal.
Surveillance in Virtual Reality: System Design and Multi-Camera Control.
A Novel Approach to Improve Biometric Recognition Using Rank Level Fusion.
Visual Odometry System Using Multiple Stereo Cameras and Inertial Measurement Unit.
Bridging the Gap between Detection and Tracking for 3D Monocular Video-Based Motion Capture.
A linear estimation method for 3D pose and facial animation tracking.
Virtual Training for Multi-View Object Class Recognition.
A Binning Scheme for Fast Hard Drive Based Image Search.
Multi-Object Tracking Using Color, Texture and Motion.
Simultaneous Object Detection and Segmentation by Boosting Local Shape Feature based Classifier.
3D Face Recognition Founded on the Structural Diversity of Human Faces.
Generative Graphical Models for Maneuvering Object Tracking and Dynamics Analysis.
Extraction of 3D Transform and Scale Invariant Patches from Range Scans.
People-tracking-by-detection and people-detection-by-tracking.
Motion blur identification from image gradients.
Color constancy beyond bags of pixels.
Observe-and-explain: A new approach for multiple hypotheses tracking of humans and objects.
Locally Assembled Binary (LAB) feature with feature-centric cascade for fast and accurate face detection.
Order consistent change detection via fast statistical significance testing.
Correlational spectral clustering.
Combining appearance models and Markov Random Fields for category level object segmentation.
Fusion of time-of-flight depth and stereo for high accuracy depth maps.
Visual tracking with histograms and articulating blocks.
Learning for stereo vision using the structured support vector machine.
Fast Human Pose Estimation using Appearance and Motion via Multi-Dimensional Boosting Regression.
Using Genetic Algorithms to Improve Matching Performance of Changeable biometrics from Combining PCA and ICA Methods.
Integration of Motion Cues in Optical and Sonar Videos for 3-D Positioning.
A Multi-Resolution Dynamic Model for Face Aging Simulation.
Improving Part based Object Detection by Unsupervised, Online Boosting.
Dense mirroring surface recovery from 1D homographies and sparse correspondences.
On controlling light transport in poor visibility environments.
Distributed data association and filtering for multiple target tracking.
Markerless motion capture of man-machine interaction.
Symmetric multi-view stereo reconstruction from planar camera arrays.
Beyond the Lambertian assumption: A generative model for Apparent BRDF fields of faces using anti-symmetric tensor splines.
Robust 3D face recognition in uncontrolled environments.
A rank constrained continuous formulation of multi-frame multi-target tracking problem.
Utilizing semantic word similarity measures for video retrieval.
Sensing increased image resolution using aperture masks.
Accurate multi-view reconstruction using robust binocular stereo and surface meshing.
Statistical analysis on Stiefel and Grassmann manifolds with applications in computer vision.
Fast approximate RandomWalker segmentation using eigenvector precomputation.
ANSIG - An analytic signature for permutation-invariant two-dimensional shape representation.
Robust fusion of dynamic shape and normal capture for high-quality reconstruction of time-varying geometry.
Extracting smooth and transparent layers from a single image.
High resolution motion layer decomposition using dual-space graph cuts.
Correspondence-free multi-camera activity analysis and scene modeling.
A hierarchical and contextual model for aerial image understanding.
Macro-cuboïd based probabilistic matching for lip-reading digits.
Discriminative learning of visual words for 3D human pose estimation.
Automatic face naming with caption-based supervision.
Geo-located image analysis using latent representations.
Shape L'Âne rouge: Sliding wavelets for indexing and retrieval.
Edge preserving spatially varying mixtures for image segmentation.
A deformable local image descriptor.
One step beyond histograms: Image representation using Markov stationary features.
An integrated background model for video surveillance based on primal sketch and 3D scene geometry.
Minimal solutions for generic imaging models.
Extracting a fluid dynamic texture and the background from video.
Calibration and rectification for reflection stereo.
Performance evaluation of state-of-the-art discrete symmetry detection algorithms.
Learning and using taxonomies for fast visual categorization.
Model-based hand tracking with texture, shading and self-occlusions.
Optical flow estimation with uncertainties through dynamic MRFs.
Sparse probabilistic regression for activity-independent human pose inference.
Fast image search for learned metrics.
Hallucinating 3D facial shapes.
Local minima free Parameterized Appearance Models.
Non-refractive modulators for encoding and capturing scene appearance and depth.
Practical camera auto-calibration based on object appearance and motion for traffic scene visual surveillance.
A Bayesian approach for image segmentation with shape priors.
Conjugate rotation: Parameterization and estimation from an affine feature correspondence.
Stereo reconstruction with mixed pixels using adaptive over-segmentation.
Measuring camera translation by the dominant apical angle.
A conditional random field for automatic photo editing.
Epitomic location recognition.
Small codes and large image databases for recognition.
Tracking rotating fluids in realtime using snapshots.
Robust unambiguous parametrization of the essential manifold.
Learning subcategory relevances for category recognition.
Correspondences between parts of shapes with particle filters.
Sensor planning for automated and persistent object tracking with multiple cameras.
A recursive filter for linear systems on Riemannian manifolds.
Interactive image matting for multiple layers.
Application and evaluation of spatiotemporal enhancement of live aerial video using temporally local mosaics.
A Scalable graph-cut algorithm for N-D grids.
Motion estimation for multi-camera systems using global optimization.
Learning object motion patterns for anomaly detection and improved object detection.
Semi-supervised distance metric learning for Collaborative Image Retrieval.
Clothing cosegmentation for recognizing people.
Photogeometric structured light: A self-calibrating and multi-viewpoint framework for accurate 3D modeling.
Inverse-polar ray projection for recovering projective transformations.
Face illumination normalization on large and small scale features.
Similarity-based cross-layered hierarchical representation for object categorization.
Verifying global minima for L2 minimization problems.
Recovery of relative depth from a single observation using an uncalibrated (real-aperture) camera.
Real-time global localization with a pre-built visual landmark database.
Video falsifying by motion interpolation and inpainting.
Clustering and dimensionality reduction on Riemannian manifolds.
Automatic registration of aerial imagery with untextured 3D LiDAR models.
Probabilistic graph and hypergraph matching.
Real time object tracking based on dynamic feature grouping with background subtraction.
Auto-context and its application to high-level vision tasks.
IM2GPS: estimating geographic information from a single image.
Drift-free tracking of rigid and articulated objects.
Graph-shifts: Natural image labeling by dynamic hierarchical computing.
Motion segmentation via robust subspace separation in the presence of outlying, incomplete, or corrupted trajectories.
Dense 3D reconstruction from specularity consistency.
Learning-based face hallucination in DCT domain.
Semantic texton forests for image categorization and segmentation.
Light-invariant fitting of active appearance models.
Dense 3D motion capture from synchronized video streams.
Action MACH a spatio-temporal Maximum Average Correlation Height filter for action recognition.
Active microscopic cellular image annotation by superposable graph transduction with imbalanced labels.
3D ultrasound tracking of the left ventricle using one-step forward prediction and data fusion of collaborative trackers.
Semi-supervised SVM batch mode active learning for image retrieval.
Semi-Supervised Discriminant Analysis using robust path-based similarity.
Localization accuracy of region detectors.
Transductive object cutout.
Unsupervised learning of probabilistic object models (POMs) for object classification, segmentation and recognition.
Geo-spatial aerial video processing for scene understanding and object tracking.
Pair-activity classification by bi-trajectories analysis.
Optimizing discrimination-efficiency tradeoff in integrating heterogeneous local features for object detection.
Radiometric calibration using temporal irradiance mixtures.
Pan, zoom, scan - Time-coherent, trained automatic video cropping.
Learning human motion models from unsegmented videos.
Image super-resolution using gradient profile prior.
A two-frame theory of motion, lighting and shape.
Joint Conditional Random Field of multiple views with online learning for image-based rendering.
Facial expression recognition using encoded dynamic features.
Increasing the density of Active Appearance Models.
What are the high-level concepts with small semantic gaps?
Unsupervised learning of finite mixtures using entropy regularization and its application to image segmentation.
Classifiability-based Optimal Discriminatory Projection Pursuit.
Object categorization using co-occurrence, location and appearance.
Exploiting side information in locality preserving projection.
Image partial blur detection and classification.
Selective hidden random fields: Exploiting domain-specific saliency for event classification.
Beyond sliding windows: Object localization by efficient subwindow search.
Fully automatic feature localization for medical images using a global vector concentration approach.
A theoretical analysis of linear and multi-linear models of image appearance.
Trajectory analysis and semantic region modeling using a nonparametric Bayesian model.
Coarse-to-fine low-rank structure-from-motion.
Fast track matching and event detection.
A unified framework for generalized Linear Discriminant Analysis.
Vital sign estimation from passive thermal video.
Efficient subdivision-based image and volume warping.
Reduce, reuse & recycle: Efficiently solving multi-label MRFs.
A region based stereo matching algorithm using cooperative optimization.
Bayesian tactile face.
Learning human actions via information maximization.
An adaptive learning method for target tracking across multiple cameras.
Generalised blurring mean-shift algorithms for nonparametric clustering.
Robust statistics on Riemannian manifolds via the geometric median.
What do color changes reveal about an outdoor scene?
Local grouping for optical flow.
Photometric stereo with coherent outlier handling and confidence estimation.
Accurate camera calibration from multi-view stereo and bundle adjustment.
Learning class-specific affinities for image labelling.
Least squares surface reconstruction from measured gradient fields.
Segmentation of left ventricle from 3D cardiac MR image sequences using a subject-specific dynamical model.
Margin-based discriminant dimensionality reduction for visual recognition.
Probabilistic multi-tensor estimation using the Tensor Distribution Function.
A statistical deformation prior for non-rigid image and shape registration.
Adaptive parametrization of multivariate B-splines for image registration.
Enhancing photographs with Near Infra-Red images.
Global stereo reconstruction under second order smoothness priors.
Using circular statistics for trajectory shape analysis.
Regularizing 3D medial axis using medial scaffold transforms.
Evaluation of constructable match cost measures for stereo correspondence using cluster ranking.
Manifold learning using robust Graph Laplacian for interactive image search.
Homography based multiple camera detection and tracking of people in a dense crowd.
High resolution matting via interactive trimap segmentation.
Action recognition by learning mid-level motion features.
FuzzyMatte: A computationally efficient scheme for interactive matting.
Near duplicate image identification with patially Aligned Pyramid Matching.
General constraints for batch Multiple-Target Tracking applied to large-scale videomicroscopy.
A robust identification approach to gait recognition.
Stereoscopic inpainting: Joint color and depth completion from stereo images.
Edge descriptors for robust wide-baseline correspondence.
FusionFlow: Discrete-continuous optimization for optical flow estimation.
Finding people in archive films through tracking.
Minimal local reconstruction error measure based discriminant feature extraction and classification.
Quasi-perspective projection with applications to 3D factorization from uncalibrated image sequences.
Efficient object shape recovery via slicing planes.
Evaluation of color descriptors for object and scene recognition.
Reconstructing non-stationary articulated objects in monocular video using silhouette information.
Adaptive and constrained algorithms for inverse compositional Active Appearance Model fitting.
3D shape reconstruction of Mooney faces.
A Parallel Decomposition Solver for SVM: Distributed dual ascend using Fenchel Duality.
Action recognition with motion-appearance vocabulary forest.
3-D Tracking of shoes for Virtual Mirror applications.
Enforcing non-positive weights for stable support vector tracking.
Enforcing stochastic inverse consistency in non-rigid image registration and matching.
Least squares congealing for unsupervised alignment of images.
Matching images under unstable segmentations.
Efficient photometric stereo on glossy surfaces with wide specular lobes.
Unsupervised learning of human perspective context using ME-DT for efficient human detection in surveillance.
Filtering Internet image search results towards keyword based category recognition.
Robust null space representation and sampling for view-invariant motion trajectory analysis.
Rank-based distance metric learning: An application to image retrieval.
Multiplicative kernels: Object detection, segmentation and pose estimation.
Tensor reduction error analysis - Applications to video compression and classification.
Estimating camera response functions using probabilistic intensity similarity.
Mining compositional features for boosting.
Action recognition using ballistic dynamics.
Moving shape dynamics: A signal processing perspective.
Learning on lie groups for invariant detection and tracking.
The scale of a texture and its application to segmentation.
Human action recognition using Local Spatio-Temporal Discriminant Embedding.
A factorization approach to structure from motion with shape priors.
A linear approach to motion estimation using generalized camera models.
Fluid motion estimation method based on physical properties of waves.
Directional independent component analysis with tensor representation.
Learning 4D action feature models for arbitrary view action recognition.
Integrated feature selection and higher-order spatial feature extraction for object categorization.
Private Content Based Image Retrieval.
Misalignment-robust face recognition.
View and scale invariant action recognition using multiview shape-flow models.
Radiometric calibration with illumination change for outdoor scene analysis.
Boundary snapping for robust image cutouts.
Scale invariance without scale selection.
Dynamic visual category learning.
Learning based coarse-to-fine image registration.
Discovering class specific composite features through discriminative sampling with Swendsen-Wang Cut.
Retinal image registration from 2D to 3D.
Sparsity, redundancy and optimal image support towards knowledge-based segmentation.
Recursive photometric stereo when multiple shadows and highlights are present.
Recovering consistent video depth maps via bundle optimization.
Recognizing human actions using multiple features.
A learning-based hybrid tagging and browsing approach for efficient manual image annotation.
Background subtraction in highly dynamic scenes.
High-arity interactions, polyhedral relaxations, and cutting plane algorithm for soft constraint optimisation (MAP-MRF).
On handling uncertainty in the fundamental matrix for scene and motion adaptive pose recovery.
Spatio-temporal Saliency detection using phase spectrum of quaternion fourier transform.
Improving local learning for object categorization by exploring the effects of ranking.
The Kneed Walker for human pose tracking.
Using contours to detect and localize junctions in natural images.
Visual Synset: Towards a higher-level visual representation.
A similarity measure between unordered vector sets with application to image categorization.
Local tensor descriptor from micro-deformation analysis.
Connected Segmentation Tree - A joint representation of region layout and hierarchy.
Large margin pursuit for a Conic Section classifier.
Calibration of an Articulated Camera System.
Computing minimal deformations: application to construction of statistical shape models.
A NURBS-based spectral reflectance descriptor with applications in computer vision and pattern recognition.
Simultaneous super-resolution and feature extraction for recognition of low-resolution faces.
Classification and evaluation of cost aggregation methods for stereo correspondence.
Non-negative graph embedding.
Simultaneous image transformation and sparse representation recovery.
Global data association for multi-object tracking using network flows.
Segmentation by transduction.
Globally optimal surface segmentation using regional properties of segmented objects.
Accurate and robust registration for in-hand modeling.
Kernel integral images: A framework for fast non-uniform filtering.
Sequential sparsification for change detection.
Simple calibration of non-overlapping cameras with a mirror.
Re-thinking non-rigid structure from motion.
Sequential particle swarm optimization for visual tracking.
From skeletons to bone graphs: Medial abstraction for object recognition.
Taylor expansion based classifier adaptation: Application to person detection.
Relaxed matching kernels for robust image comparison.
Towards unsupervised whole-object segmentation: Combining automated matting with boundary detection.
Modeling complex luminance variations for target tracking.
Face shape recovery from a single image using CCA mapping between tensor spaces.
Joint learning and dictionary construction for pattern recognition.
Dense specular shape from multiple specular flows.
Modulated phase-shifting for 3D scanning.
Action snippets: How many frames does human action recognition require?
A mobile vision system for robust multi-person tracking.
Action recognition using exemplar-based embedding.
Recognition by association via learning per-exemplar distances.
Optical flow estimation using Fourier Mellin Transform.
Regression from patch-kernel.
A multi-compartment segmentation framework with homeomorphic level sets.
Structure learning in random fields for heart motion abnormality detection.
Precise detailed detection of faces and facial features.
What can missing correspondences tell us about 3D structure and motion?
Image decomposition into structure and texture subcomponents with multifrequency modulation constraints.
Modeling and generating complex motion blur for real-time tracking.
Image segmentation via convolution of a level-set function with a Rigaut Kernel.
A quasi-random sampling approach to image retrieval.
Tracking distributions with an overlap prior.
Toward automatic 3D modeling of scenes using a generic camera model.
Latent topic random fields: Learning using a taxonomy of labels.
Discriminative modeling by Boosting on Multilevel Aggregates.
Recognising faces in unseen modes: A tensor based approach.
Unsupervised learning of visual taxonomies.
Super-resolution from image sequence under influence of hot-air optical turbulence.
A mixed generative-discriminative framework for pedestrian classification.
A bi-illuminant dichromatic reflection model for understanding images.
Incremental learning of nonparametric Bayesian mixture models.
Privacy preserving crowd monitoring: Counting people without people models or tracking.
A probabilistic segmentation method for the identification of luminal borders in intravascular ultrasound images.
A discriminatively trained, multiscale, deformable part model.
Adaptive and compact shape descriptor by progressive feature combination and selection with boosting.
Learning patch correspondences for improved viewpoint invariant face recognition.
Local deformation models for monocular 3D shape recovery.
Multi-label image segmentation via point-wise repetition.
Efficient sequential correspondence selection by cosegmentation.
Spectral methods for semi-supervised manifold learning.
Histogram-based search: A comparative study.
Directions of egomotion from antipodal points.
Annotating collections of photos using hierarchical event and scene models.
Unifying discriminative visual codebook generation with classifier training for object category recognition.
Face alignment via boosted ranking model.
Pattern discovery in motion time series via structure-based spectral clustering.
3D-2D spatiotemporal registration for sports motion analysis.
Fuzzy chamfer distance and its probabilistic formulation for visual tracking.
SMRFI: Shape matching via registration of vector-valued feature images.
Photometric stereo with non-parametric and spatially-varying reflectance.
Visibility in bad weather from a single image.
Fast and robust numerical solutions to minimal problems for cameras with radial distortion.
Demosaicing by smoothing along 1D features.
Efficient mean shift belief propagation for vision tracking.
Multi-object shape estimation and tracking from silhouette cues.
Learning realistic human actions from movies.
Detecting and matching repeated patterns for automatic geo-tagging in urban environments.
Approximate earth mover's distance in linear time.
Real-time 3D segmentation of the left ventricle using deformable subdivision surfaces.
Flat refractive geometry.
L1 regularized projection pursuit for additive model learning.
A hybrid camera for motion deblurring and depth map super-resolution.
High quality mesostructure acquisition using specularities.
Classification via semi-Riemannian spaces.
Principled fusion of high-level model and low-level cues for motion segmentation.
Pose primitive based human action recognition in videos or still images.
Loose shape model for discriminative learning of object categories.
Enhanced biologically inspired model.
Combining brain computer interfaces with vision for object categorization.
Image/video deblurring using a hybrid camera.
Modeling the structure of multivariate manifolds: Shape maps.
Building segmentation for densely built urban regions using aerial LIDAR data.
A framework for reducing ink-bleed in old documents.
On benchmarking camera calibration and multi-view stereo for high resolution imagery.
The statistical modelling of fingerprint minutiae distribution with implications for fingerprint individuality studies.
Context-aware clustering.
Silhouette-based camera calibration from sparse views under circular motion.
Normalized tree partitioning for image segmentation.
Adaptive region intensity based rigid ultrasound and CT image registration.
Spectrally optimal factorization of incomplete matrices.
Fast kernel learning for spatial pyramid matching.
Dimensionality reduction by unsupervised regression.
Conditional density learning via regression with application to deformable shape segmentation.
Robust motion estimation and structure recovery from endoscopic image sequences with an Adaptive Scale Kernel Consensus estimator.
A general solution to the P4P problem for camera with unknown focal length.
Subspace segmentation with outliers: A grassmannian approach to the maximum consensus subspace.
Interactive image segmentation via minimization of quadratic energies on directed graphs.
Multiple-instance ranking: Learning to rank images for image retrieval.
Smoothing-based Optimization.
Off-axis aperture camera: 3D shape reconstruction and image restoration.
Locally adaptive learning for translation-variant MRF image priors.
Enforcing convexity for improved alignment with constrained local models.
Finding trails.
Automatic symmetry plane estimation of bilateral objects in point clouds.
Characterizing the shadow space of camera-light pairs.
Dense correspondence finding for parametrization-free animation reconstruction from video.
View-invariant action recognition using fundamental ratios.
Fast algorithms for L INFINITY problems in multiview geometry.
Looking around the backyard helps to recognize faces and digits.
Constant time O(1) bilateral filtering.
Visual quasi-periodicity.
Image segmentation with a parametric deformable model using shape and appearance priors.
Recognizing primitive interactions by exploring actor-object states.
Learning coupled conditional random field for image decomposition with application on object categorization.
Extrinsic and depth calibration of ToF-cameras.
Manifold-Manifold Distance with application to face recognition based on image set.
Shape prior segmentation of multiple objects with graph cuts.
Learning the viewpoint manifold for action recognition.
Lost in quantization: Improving particular object retrieval in large scale image databases.
Physical simulation for probabilistic motion tracking.
Decomposition, discovery and detection of visual categories using topic models.
Boosting adaptive linear weak classifiers for online learning and tracking.
Discriminative human action segmentation and recognition using semi-Markov model.
Robust learning of discriminative projection for multicategory classification on the Stiefel manifold.
Improved building detection by Gaussian processes classification via feature space rescale and spectral kernel selection.
Closing the loop in scene interpretation.
Image selection for improved Multi-View Stereo.
Building reconstruction from a single DEM.
3D model matching with Viewpoint-Invariant Patches (VIP).
3D occlusion recovery using few cameras.
Recovering shape characteristics on near-flat specular surfaces.
Scene understanding with discriminative structured prediction.
Real-time pose estimation of articulated objects using low-level motion.
Kernel-based learning of cast shadows from a physical model of light sources and surfaces for low-level segmentation.
Robust estimation of gaussian mixtures from noisy input data.
Graph cut based image segmentation with connectivity priors.
Accurate polyp segmentation for 3D CT colongraphy using multi-staged probabilistic binary learning and compositional model.
Structure-perceptron learning of a hierarchical log-linear model.
Robust dual motion deblurring.
Scene classification with low-dimensional semantic spaces and weak supervision.
Coherent image annotation by learning semantic distance.
(BP): Beyond pairwise Belief Propagation labeling by approximating Kikuchi free energies.
A polynomial-time bound for matching and registration with outliers.
Global image registration based on learning the prior appearance model.
Semi-supervised boosting using visual similarity learning.
Illumination and camera invariant stereo matching.
Partitioning of image datasets using discriminative context information.
Exact inference in multi-label CRFs with higher order cliques.
3D pose refinement from reflections.
Unsupervised modeling of object categories using link analysis techniques.
On the use of independent tasks for face recognition.
Automatic calibration of a single-projector catadioptric display system.
Linear motion estimation for systems of articulated planes.
Intensity statistics-based HSI diffusion for color photo denoising.
Image de-fencing.
Particle filtering for registration of 2D and 3D point sets with stochastic dynamics.
Shading models for illumination and reflectance invariant shape detectors.
A robust descriptor based on Weber's Law.
An LED-only BRDF measurement device.
Graph cut with ordering constraints on labels and its applications.
Volumetric reconstruction from multi-energy single-view radiography.
Semantic-based indexing of fetal anatomies from 3-D ultrasound data using global/semi-local context and sequential sampling.
Discriminative learned dictionaries for local image analysis.
Robust higher order potentials for enforcing label consistency.
Blindly separating mixtures of multiple layers with spatial shifts.
On errors-in-variables regression with arbitrary covariance and its application to optical flow estimation.
Graph commute times for image representation.
Large-scale manifold learning.
Intrinsic image decomposition with non-local texture cues.
Parameterized Kernel Principal Component Analysis: Theory and applications to supervised and unsupervised image alignment.
Superpixel lattices.
Rotation symmetry group detection via frequency analysis of frieze-expansions.
Image super-resolution as sparse representation of raw image patches.
Randomized trees for human pose detection.
PSF estimation using sharp edge prediction.
Hierarchical, learning-based automatic liver segmentation.
Context and observation driven latent variable model for human pose estimation.
Motion from blur.
A Loopy Belief Propagation approach for robust background estimation.
Transfer learning for image classification with sparse prototype representations.
Human-assisted motion annotation.
Nonlinear image representation using divisive normalization.
Optimised KD-trees for fast image descriptor matching.
Overcoming visual reverberations.
Two-Dimensional Active Learning for image classification.
Unified Principal Component Analysis with generalized Covariance Matrix for face recognition.
Joint multi-label multi-instance learning for image classification.
Boosted deformable model for human body alignment.
Simultaneous data volume reconstruction and pose estimation from slice samples.
Dynamic scene shape reconstruction using a single structured light pattern.
Meshless deformable models for LV motion analysis.
Object image retrieval by exploiting online knowledge resources.
A fast local descriptor for dense matching.
Hybrid body representation for integrated pose recognition, localization and segmentation.
Robust tensor factorization using R1 norm.
An efficient algorithm for compressed MR imaging using total variation and wavelets.
Information-theoretic active scene exploration.
Simultaneous clustering and tracking unknown number of objects.
Classification using intersection kernel support vector machines is efficient.
Learning a geometry integrated image appearance manifold from a small training set.
Joint data alignment up to (lossy) transformations.
Real-time face pose estimation from single range images.
Progressive search space reduction for human pose estimation.
Granularity and elasticity adaptation in visual tracking.
Unsupervised estimation of segmentation quality using nonnegative factorization.
Bayesian color constancy revisited.
Simultaneous super-resolution and 3D video using graph-cuts.
Online learning of patch perspective rectification for efficient object detection.
Face tracking and recognition with visual constraints in real-world videos.
The Logistic Random Field - A convenient graphical model for learning parameters for MRF-based labeling.
Semi-supervised learning of multi-factor models for face de-identification.
Accurate eye center location and tracking using isophote curvature.
Articulated shape matching using Laplacian eigenfunctions and unsupervised point registration.
Re-weighting Linear Discrimination Analysis under ranking loss.
An experimental study of employing visual appearance as a phenotype.
Context-dependent kernel design for object matching and recognition.
Simultaneous learning of a discriminative projection and prototypes for Nearest-Neighbor classification.
Texture classification with a dictionary of basic image features.
Segmentation of multiple, partially occluded objects by grouping, merging, assigning part detection responses.
Skeletal graphs for efficient structure from motion.
Matching non-rigidly deformable shapes across images: A globally optimal solution.
Keywords to visual categories: Multiple-instance learning forweakly supervised object categorization.
Object recognition and segmentation by non-rigid quasi-dense matching.
Globally optimal shape-based tracking in real-time.
Variable baseline/resolution stereo.
Boosting ordinal features for accurate and fast iris recognition.
Constrained image segmentation from hierarchical boundaries.
Layered graphical models for tracking partially-occluded objects.
Globally optimal bilinear programming for computer vision applications.
Summarizing visual data using bidirectional similarity.
Fast texture segmentation model based on the shape operator and active contour.
Cost-sensitive face recognition.
Shape priors in variational image segmentation: Convexity, Lipschitz continuity and globally optimal solutions.
Single-image vignetting correction using radial gradient symmetry.
From appearance to context-based recognition: Dense labeling in small images.
Max Margin AND/OR Graph learning for parsing the human body.
An importance sampling approach to learning structural representations of shape.
3D surface models by geometric constraints propagation.
Matching vehicles under large pose transformations using approximate 3D models and piecewise MRF model.
Coherent Laplacian 3-D protrusion segmentation.
Consistent image analogies using semi-supervised learning.
Who killed the directed model?
3D face tracking and expression inference from a 2D sequence using manifold learning.
Detection and matching of rectilinear structures.
Image based rendering for motion compensation in angiographic roadmapping.
Automatic non-rigid registration of 3D dynamic data for facial expression synthesis and transfer.
Branch-and-bound hypothesis selection for two-view multiple structure and motion segmentation.
Unsupervised discovery of visual object class hierarchies.
Viewpoint-independent object class detection using 3D Feature Maps.
Learning Bayesian Networks with qualitative constraints.
Dimensionality reduction using covariance operator inverse regression.
A three-point minimal solution for panoramic stitching with lens distortion.
View-invariant recognition of body pose from space-time templates.
The patch transform and its applications to image editing.
Demosaicking recognition with applications in digital photo authentication based on a quadratic pixel correlation model.
Learning stick-figure models using nonparametric Bayesian priors over trees.
Detection with multi-exit asymmetric boosting.
In defense of Nearest-Neighbor based image classification.
A joint appearance-spatial distance for kernel-based image categorization.
Cell motion analysis without explicit tracking.
Sketching in the air: A vision-based system for 3D object design.
Unsupervised feature selection via distributed coding for multi-view object recognition.
A theory of defocus via Fourier analysis.
Constrained spectral clustering through affinity propagation.
Visual tracking via incremental Log-Euclidean Riemannian subspace learning.
Global pose estimation using non-tree models.
Object tracking and detection after occlusion via numerical hybrid local and global mode-seeking.
Probabilistic image registration and anomaly detection by nonlinear warping.
Joint tracking of features and edges.
Estimating age, gender, and identity using first name priors.
Fast algorithms for large scale conditional 3D prediction.
Discriminative local binary patterns for human detection in personal album.
Video segmentation: Propagation, validation and aggregation of a preceding graph.
A Cross-Language Approach to Historic Document Retrieval.
Taming Wild Phrases.
Acquisition of Translation Knowledge of Syntactically Ambiguous Named Entity.
Progress in Information Retrieval.
Optimal Mixture Models in IR.
Lexical Entailment for Information Retrieval.
Federated Search of Text-Based Digital Libraries in Hierarchical Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Applying the Divergence from Randomness Approach for Content-Only Search in XML Documents.
Similarity Join in Metric Spaces.
Compressing Semistructured Text Databases.
'Beauty' of the World Wide Web-Cause, Goal, or Principle.
Corpus-Based Thesaurus Construction for Image Retrieval in Specialist Domains.
A Study of the Usefulness of Institutions' Acronyms as Web Queries.
Morphological Variation of Arabic Queries.
Generating Extracts with Genetic Algorithms.
Organising and Searching Partially Indexed Image Databases.
Exploring Cost-Effective Approaches to Human Evaluation of Search Engine Relevance.
Frequentist and Bayesian Approach to Information Retrieval.
Intrinsic Plagiarism Detection.
Query Difficulty, Robustness, and Selective Application of Query Expansion.
Generating Search Term Variants for Text Collections with Historic Spellings.
Term Frequency Normalization via Pareto Distributions.
Fault-Tolerant Fulltext Information Retrieval in Digital Multilingual Encyclopedias with Weighted Pattern Morphing.
Automatic Text Summarization Based on Word-Clusters and Ranking Algorithms.
Físréal: A Low Cost Terabyte Search Engine.
Question Answering System for Incomplete and Noisy Data.
Probabilistic Score Normalization for Rank Aggregation.
Web-Based Multiple Choice Question Answering for English and Arabic Questions.
User Behaviour in the Context of Structured Documents.
Video Shot Classification Using Lexical Context.
Genre Classification and Domain Transfer for Information Filtering.
An Efficient Computation of the Multiple-Bernoulli Language Model.
When Are Links Useful? Experiments in Text Classification.
Applications of Web Query Mining.
An Analysis of Query Similarity in Collaborative Web Search.
Filtering Obfuscated Email Spam by means of Phonetic String Matching.
Combining Visual Semantics and Texture Characterizations for Precision-Oriented Automatic Image Retrieval.
Integrating Perceptual Signal Features within a Multi-facetted Conceptual Model for Automatic Image Retrieval.
A Hierarchical Model for Clustering and Categorising Documents.
Searcher's Assessments of Task Complexity for Web Searching.
A Probabilistic Interpretation of Precision, Recall and -Score, with Implication for Evaluation.
Automatic Profile Reformulation Using a Local Document Analysis.
Supporting Relevance Feedback in Video Search.
Fast Discovery of Similar Sequences in Large Genomic Collections.
Improving the Evaluation of Web Search Systems.
Annotation and Retrieval of Structured Video Documents.
Knowing-Aboutness: Question-Answering Using a Logic-Based Framework.
Data Fusion with Correlation Weights.
The ITC-irst News on Demand Platform.
Query-Based Document Skimming: A User-Centred Evaluation of Relevance Profiling.
Using Kullback-Leibler Distance for Text Categorization.
Document Identifier Reassignment Through Dimensionality Reduction.
Age Dependent Document Priors in Link Structure Analysis.
Authoritative Re-ranking of Search Results.
Enterprise Search - The New Frontier?
Improving Image Representation with Relevance Judgements from the Searchers.
Term Frequency Normalisation Tuning for BM25 and DFR Models.
Aggregated Feature Retrieval for MPEG-7.
A Study on Using Genetic Niching for Query Optimisation in Document Retrieval.
Combining Features for Content-Based Sketch Retrieval - A Comparative Evaluation of Retrieval Performance.
Specificity Helps Text Classification.
Relevance Feedback for Content-Based Image Retrieval: What Can Three Mouse Clicks Achieve?
Manipulating the Relevance Models of Existing Search Engines.
NN Networks for Content-Based Image Retrieval.
Title and Snippet Based Result Re-ranking in Collaborative Web Search.
Stemming and Decompounding for German Text Retrieval.
A Fingerprinting Technique for Evaluating Semantics Based Indexing.
An Efficient Compression Code for Text Databases.
Fractional Distance Measures for Content-Based Image Retrieval.
A Hybrid Approach to Index Maintenance in Dynamic Text Retrieval Systems.
Predictive Top-Down Knowledge Improves Neural Exploratory Bottom-Up Clustering.
An Optimistic Model for Searching Web Directories.
Scalability Influence on Retrieval Models: An Experimental Methodology.
Optimization of Restricted Searches in Web Directories Using Hybrid Data Structures.
Applying Associative Relationship on the Clickthrough Data to Improve Web Search.
Network Analysis for Distributed Information Retrieval Architectures.
Answer Selection in a Multi-stream Open Domain Question Answering System.
Performance Analysis of Distributed Architectures to Index One Terabyte of Text.
A Comparative Study of the Effectiveness of Search Result Presentation on the Web.
A Layered Bayesian Network Model for Document Retrieval.
A Study of User Interaction with a Concept-Based Interactive Query Expansion Support Tool.
Improving the Context-Based Influence Diagram Model for Structured Document Retrieval: Removing Topological Restrictions and Adding New Evaluation Methods.
Document Retrieval: Shallow Data, Deep Theories; Historical Reflections, Potential Directions.
Generating and Retrieving Text Segments for Focused Access to Scientific Documents.
Mobile Clustering Engine.
Encoding XML in Vector Spaces.
Hierarchical Classification of HTML Documents with WebClassII.
Improving Retrieval Effectiveness by Reranking Documents Based on Controlled Vocabulary.
Filtering for Profile-Biased Multi-document Summarization.
Temporal Shot Clustering Analysis for Video Concept Detection.
Improving Naive Bayes Text Classifier Using Smoothing Methods.
Sprinkling: Supervised Latent Semantic Indexing.
Efficient Phrase Querying with Common Phrase Index.
Readability Applied to Information Retrieval.
AP-Based Borda Voting Method for Feature Extraction in TRECVID-2004.
Document Length Normalization Using Effective Level of Term Frequency in Large Collections.
Clustering and Visualization in a Multi-lingual Multi-document Summarization System.
Construction of a Test Collection for the Focussed Retrieval of Structured Documents.
Browsing Personal Images Using Episodic Memory (Time + Location).
A Study of the Assessment of Relevance for the INEX'02 Test Collection.
Identification of Relevant and Novel Sentences Using Reference Corpus.
Setting Per-field Normalisation Hyper-parameters for the Named-Page Finding Search Task.
PERC: A Personal Email Classifier.
SnapToTell: A Singapore Image Test Bed for Ubiquitous Information Access from Camera.
Contextual Document Clustering.
Enhancing Relevance Models with Adaptive Passage Retrieval.
From Text Summarisation to Style-Specific Summarisation for Broadcast News.
An Evaluation of Gisting in Mobile Search.
Judging the Spatial Relevance of Documents for GIR.
A User-Centered Approach to Evaluating Topic Models.
Relevance Feedback for Cross Language Image Retrieval.
The Effects of Relevance Feedback Quality and Quantity in Interactive Relevance Feedback: A Simulation Based on User Modeling.
Cross-Language Information Retrieval Using EuroWordNet and Word Sense Disambiguation.
An Improved Computation of the PageRank Algorithm.
A Declarative DB-Powered Approach to IR.
Beyond the Web: Retrieval in Social Information Spaces.
Enhancing Web Search Result Lists Using Interaction Histories.
Evaluating Peer-to-Peer Networking for Information Retrieval within the Context of Meta-searching.
Hierarchical Indexing and Flexible Element Retrieval for Structured Document.
A Suite of Testbeds for the Realistic Evaluation of Peer-to-Peer Information Retrieval Systems.
Chinese Text Categorization Based on the Binary Weighting Model with Non-binary Smoothing.
Efficient Parallel Computation of PageRank.
A Classification of IR Effectiveness Metrics.
Text Categorization: An Experiment Using Phrases.
An Information Retrieval System for Motion Capture Data.
Dictionary-Based CLIR Loses Highly Relevant Documents.
Serving Enhanced Hypermedia Information.
Evaluating Web Search Result Summaries.
Attaining Fast and Successful Searches in E-commerce Environments.
Propositional Logic Representations for Documents and Queries: A Large-Scale Evaluation.
Parallel Computing for Term Selection in Routing/Filtering.
Topic Detection and Tracking with Spatio-Temporal Evidence.
From Information Retrieval to Information Interaction.
A Weighting Scheme for Star-Graphs.
Assigning Geographical Scopes To Web Pages.
On Compression-Based Text Classification.
Phrase-Based Hierarchical Clustering of Web Search Results.
Building Bilingual Dictionaries from Parallel Web Documents.
Experiments on Average Distance Measure.
Boosting Web Retrieval Through Query Operations.
Query Formulation for Answer Projection.
A Study of Blog Search.
Document Retrieval in the Context of Question Answering.
Investigating Biometric Response for Information Retrieval Applications.
A Study on Optimal Parameter Tuning for Rocchio Text Classifier.
Complex Linguistic Features for Text Classification: A Comprehensive Study.
Discretizing Continuous Attributes in AdaBoost for Text Categorization.
Clustering Sentences for Discovering Events in News Articles.
PIRE: An Extensible IR Engine Based on Probabilistic Datalog.
From Uncertain Inference to Probability of Relevance for Advanced IR Applications.
Combining CORI and the Decision-Theoretic Approach for Advanced Resource Selection.
Comparing Different Architectures for Query Routing in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
sPLMap: A Probabilistic Approach to Schema Matching.
A Bidimensional View of Documents for Text Categorisation.
Translation-Based Indexing for Cross-Language Retrieval.
Improving Quality of Search Results Clustering with Approximate Matrix Factorisations.
Terrier Information Retrieval Platform.
Sentence Retrieval with LSI and Topic Identification.
Combining Naive Bayes and n-Gram Language Models for Text Classification.
IR and OLAP in XML Document Warehouses.
Uncertainty-Based Noise Reduction and Term Selection in Text Categorization.
Building a Hierarchy of Events and Topics for Newspaper Digital Libraries.
Concept Based Adaptive IR Model Using FCA-BAM Combination for Concept Representation and Encoding.
Term Proximity Scoring for Keyword-Based Retrieval Systems.
Football Video Segmentation Based on Video Production Strategy.
A Probabilistic Logic for Information Retrieval.
Evaluating Passage Retrieval Approaches for Question Answering.
Using Query Profiles for Clarification.
The Accessibility Dimension for Structured Document Retrieval.
Features Combination for Extracting Gene Functions from MEDLINE.
Phrase Clustering Without Document Context.
Measuring a Cross Language Image Retrieval System.
Spoken Information Extraction from Italian Broadcast News.
Towards Automatic Retrieval of Album Covers.
Structural Feedback for Keyword-Based XML Retrieval.
A Personalized Information Search Process Based on Dialoguing Agents and User Profiling.
BuddyNet: History-Based P2P Search.
A Machine Learning Approach for the Curation of Biomedical Literature.
Automatic Construction of Theme Melody Index from Music Database for Fast Content-Based Retrievals.
Automatic Document Organization in a P2P Environment.
Using Restrictive Classification and Meta Classification for Junk Elimination.
Vertical Searching in Juridical Digital Libraries.
Modified LSI Model for Efficient Search by Metric Access Methods.
Object-Based Access to TV Rushes Video.
Clustering-Based Searching and Navigation in an Online News Source.
Evaluating a Melody Extraction Engine.
Exploring URL Hit Priors for Web Search.
A Retrospective Evaluation Method for Exact-Match and Best-Match Queries Applying an Interactive Query Performance Analyser.
Broadcast News Gisting Using Lexical Cohesion Analysis.
Ontology as a Search-Tool: A Study of Real Users' Query Formulation With and Without Conceptual Support.
IRMAN: Software Framework for IR in Mobile Social Cyberspaces.
Influence Diagrams for Contextual Information Retrieval.
Learning User Similarity and Rating Style for Collaborative Recommendation.
Factors Affecting Web Page Similarity.
Combining Web Document Representations in a Bayesian Inference Network Model Using Link and Content-Based Evidence.
Can a Workspace Help to Overcome the Query Formulation Problem in Image Retrieval?.
Subject Knowledge, Source of Terms, and Term Selection in Query Expansion: An Analytical Study.
The Role of Multi-word Units in Interactive Information Retrieval.
A Graphical User Interface for Structured Document Retrieval.
WebDocBall: A Graphical Visualization Tool for Web Search Results.
Learning Links Between a User's Calendar and Information Needs.
Evaluating Relevance Feedback Algorithms for Searching on Small Displays.
Measuring the Complexity of a Collection of Documents.
Machine Learning Ranking for Structured Information Retrieval.
Using Proportional Transportation Distances for Measuring Document Similarity.
Context-Specific Frequencies and Discriminativeness for the Retrieval of Structured Documents.
Comparing Topiary-Style Approaches to Headline Generation.
A User-Item Relevance Model for Log-Based Collaborative Filtering.
Content-Aware DataGuides: Interleaving IR and DB Indexing Techniques for Efficient Retrieval of Textual XML Data.
The Effects on Topic Familiarity on Online Search Behaviour and Use of Relevance Criteria.
A Simulated Study of Implicit Feedback Models.
The Use of Implicit Evidence for Relevance Feedback in Web Retrieval.
Rapid Development of Web-Based Monolingual Question Answering Systems.
Automatic Determination of Feature Weights for Multi-feature CBIR.
IR and AI: Traditions of Representation and Anti-representation in Information Processing.
Experiments with Document Archive Size Detection.
A Hybrid Relevance-Feedback Approach to Text Retrieval.
Representative Sampling for Text Classification Using Support Vector Machines.
Eliminating High-Degree Biased Character Bigrams for Dimensionality Reduction in Chinese Text Categorization.
Relevance Feedback Using Weight Propagation.
Improving Retrieval Effectiveness by Using Key Terms in Top Retrieved Documents.
Ranking Web News Via Homepage Visual Layout and Cross-Site Voting.
Adapting the Naive Bayes Classifier to Rank Procedural Texts.
Combining Short and Long Term Audio Features for TV Sports Highlight Detection.
Automatic Acquisition of Chinese-English Parallel Corpus from the Web.
Using Concept-Based Indexing to Improve Language Modeling Approach to Genomic IR.
Bricks: The Building Blocks to Tackle Query Formulation in Structured Document Retrieval.
Cross-Document Entity Tracking.
Using Relevance Feedback in Expert Search.
A Layered Approach to Context-Dependent User Modelling.
Combining Evidence for Relevance Criteria: A Framework and Experiments in Web Retrieval.
Automatic Morphological Query Expansion Using Analogy-Based Machine Learning.
Static Pruning of Terms in Inverted Files.
A Probabilistic Model for Clustering Text Documents with Multiple Fields.
A Hierarchical Consensus Architecture for Robust Document Clustering.
Ad Hoc Retrieval of Documents with Topical Opinion.
Effective Use of Semantic Structure in XML Retrieval.
Personalized Communities in a Distributed Recommender System.
Information Recovery and Discovery in Collaborative Web Search.
Sentence Level Sentiment Analysis in the Presence of Conjuncts Using Linguistic Analysis.
An Effective Threshold-Based Neighbor Selection in Collaborative Filtering.
Relevance Feedback Using Weight Propagation Compared with Information-Theoretic Query Expansion.
Combination of Document Priors in Web Information Retrieval.
Use of Topicality and Information Measures to Improve Document Representation for Story Link Detection.
Language Model Based Query Classification.
Fighting Link Spam with a Two-Stage Ranking Strategy.
Collaborative Filtering Based on Transitive Correlations Between Items.
Learning in Hyperlinked Environments.
Fast Large-Scale Spectral Clustering by Sequential Shrinkage Optimization.
A Retrieval Evaluation Methodology for Incomplete Relevance Assessments.
PageRank: When Order Changes.
Using Visual-Textual Mutual Information and Entropy for Inter-modal Document Indexing.
Summarisation and Novelty: An Experimental Investigation.
A Study of Global Inference Algorithms in Multi-document Summarization.
The Next Generation Web Search and the Demise of the Classic IR Model.
The Last Half-Century: A Perspective on Experimentation in Information Retrieval.
Integration of Text and Audio Features for Genre Classification in Music Information Retrieval.
Model Tree Learning for Query Term Weighting in Question Answering.
Advanced Structural Representations for Question Classification and Answer Re-ranking.
Harnessing Trust in Social Search.
Probabilistic Models for Expert Finding.
Entropy-Based Authorship Search in Large Document Collections.
Term Selection and Query Operations for Video Retrieval.
Modeling Term Associations for Ad-Hoc Retrieval Performance Within Language Modeling Framework.
Search of Spoken Documents Retrieves Well Recognized Transcripts.
Efficient Construction of FM-index Using Overlapping Block Processing for Large Scale Texts.
The Impact of Named Entity Normalization on Information Retrieval for Question Answering.
Authorship Attribution Via Combination of Evidence.
Utilizing Passage-Based Language Models for Document Retrieval.
Graph-Based Profile Similarity Calculation Method and Evaluation.
Ontology Matching Using Vector Space.
Improving Web Image Retrieval Using Image Annotations and Inference Network.
Filaments of Meaning in Word Space.
High Quality Expertise Evidence for Expert Search.
Structural Re-ranking with Cluster-Based Retrieval.
Document Representation Using Global Association Distance Model.
The Good, the Bad, the Difficult, and the Easy: Something Wrong with Information Retrieval Evaluation?.
Modeling Documents as Mixtures of Persons for Expert Finding.
Analysis of Link Graph Compression Techniques.
Expert Search Evaluation by Supporting Documents.
Semantic Relationships in Multi-modal Graphs for Automatic Image Annotation.
Methods for Augmenting Semantic Models with Structural Information for Text Classification.
Finding the Best Picture: Cross-Media Retrieval of Content.
Ranking Categories for Web Search.
A Cluster-Sensitive Graph Model for Query-Oriented Multi-document Summarization.
A Comparison of Social Bookmarking with Traditional Search.
Revisit of Nearest Neighbor Test for Direct Evaluation of Inter-document Similarities.
Collaborative Topic Tracking in an Enterprise Environment.
ECIR 2008 Tutorials.
Optimizing Language Models for Polarity Classification.
Video Corpus Annotation Using Active Learning.
Clustering Template Based Web Documents.
Integrating Structure and Meaning: A New Method for Encoding Structure for Text Classification.
Hybrid Method for Personalized Search in Digital Libraries.
Using Terms from Citations for IR: Some First Results.
Evaluating Text Representations for Retrieval of the Best Group of Documents.
Efficiency Issues in Information Retrieval Workshop.
A Statistical View of Binned Retrieval Models.
Automatic Construction of an Opinion-Term Vocabulary for Ad Hoc Retrieval.
The BNB Distribution for Text Modeling.
Using a Task-Based Approach in Evaluating the Usability of BoBIs in an E-book Environment.
E-Mail Classification for Phishing Defense.
A Document-Centered Approach to a Natural Language Music Search Engine.
Accessibility in Information Retrieval.
An Evaluation Measure for Distributed Information Retrieval Systems.
A Novel Implementation of the FITE-TRT Translation Method.
Book Search Experiments: Investigating IR Methods for the Indexing and Retrieval of Books.
Semi-supervised Document Classification with a Mislabeling Error Model.
Use of Implicit Graph for Recommending Relevant Videos: A Simulated Evaluation.
Exploiting Session Context for Information Retrieval - A Comparative Study.
DiffPost: Filtering Non-relevant Content Based on Content Difference between Two Consecutive Blog Posts.
Using Topic Shifts for Focussed Access to XML Repositories.
Applying Maximum Entropy to Known-Item Email Retrieval.
Query Hardness Estimation Using Jensen-Shannon Divergence Among Multiple Scoring Functions.
Query-Based Inter-document Similarity Using Probabilistic Co-relevance Model.
Classifier Fusion for SVM-Based Multimedia Semantic Indexing.
Towards Characterization of Actor Evolution and Interactions in News Corpora.
The Utility of Information Extraction in the Classification of Books.
Facilitating Query Decomposition in Query Language Modeling by Association Rule Mining Using Multiple Sliding Windows.
Combined Syntactic and Semantic Kernels for Text Classification.
A Comparison of Named Entity Patterns from a User Analysis and a System Analysis.
Natural Language Processing for Usage Based Indexing of Web Resources.
Computing Information Retrieval Performance Measures Efficiently in the Presence of Tied Scores.
Enterprise People and Skill Discovery Using Tolerant Retrieval and Visualization.
Efficient Multimedia Time Series Data Retrieval Under Uniform Scaling and Normalisation.
Performance Comparison of Clustered and Replicated Information Retrieval Systems.
Evaluating Paragraph Retrieval for .
Overall Comparison at the Standard Levels of Recall of Multiple Retrieval Methods with the Friedman Test.
A Wikipedia-Based Multilingual Retrieval Model.
Building a Desktop Search Test-Bed.
Towards an Automatically Generated Music Information System Via Web Content Mining.
Hierarchical Browsing of Video Key Frames.
Labeling Categories and Relationships in an Evolving Social Network.
A Parameterised Search System.
Workshop on Novel Methodologies for Evaluation in Information Retrieval.
How to Compare Bilingual to Monolingual Cross-Language Information Retrieval.
Key Design Issues with Visualising Images Using Google Earth.
Experimental Results of the Signal Processing Approach to Distributional Clustering of Terms on Collection.
Use of Temporal Expressions in Web Search.
Active Learning with History-Based Query Selection for Text Categorisation.
Using Clicks as Implicit Judgments: Expectations Versus Observations.
Efficient Indexing of Versioned Document Sequences.
Here or There.
Combining Multiple Sources of Evidence in XML Multimedia Documents: An Inference Network Incorporating Element Language Models.
Probabilistic Document Length Priors for Language Models.
Light Syntactically-Based Index Pruning for Information Retrieval.
The Importance of Link Evidence in Wikipedia.
Evaluating Query-Independent Object Features for Relevancy Prediction.
Conversation Detection in Email Systems.
iCluster: A Self-organizing Overlay Network for P2P Information Retrieval.
Exploring the Effects of Language Skills on Multilingual Web Search.
PathRank: Web Page Retrieval with Navigation Path.
Multilingual Text Classification Using Ontologies.
Evaluation of Text Clustering Algorithms with N-Gram-Based Document Fingerprints.
A Study of a Weighting Scheme for Information Retrieval in Hierarchical Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Automatic Extraction of Domain-Specific Stopwords from Labeled Documents.
Similarity Measures for Short Segments of Text.
Extending Probabilistic Data Fusion Using Sliding Windows.
A Decision-Theoretic Model for Decentralised Query Routing in Hierarchical Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Robust Query-Specific Pseudo Feedback Document Selection for Query Expansion.
An Evaluation and Analysis of Incorporating Term Dependency for Ad-Hoc Retrieval.
Efficient Processing of Category-Restricted Queries for Web Directories.
Retrieval Method for Video Content in Different Format Based on Spatiotemporal Features.
Results Merging Algorithm Using Multiple Regression Models.
Multinomial Randomness Models for Retrieval with Document Fields.
Current Developments in Information Retrieval Evaluation.
On Score Distributions and Relevance.
Multidimensional Relevance: A New Aggregation Criterion.
Query Reformulation and Refinement Using NLP-Based Sentence Clustering.
Investigating the Global Semantic Impact of Speech Recognition Error on Spoken Content Collections.
Examining Repetition in User Search Behavior.
Revisiting N-Gram Based Models for Retrieval in Degraded Large Collections.
Enhancing Expert Search Through Query Modeling.
Measuring the Search Effectiveness of a Breadth-First Crawl.
Central-Rank-Based Collection Selection in Uncooperative Distributed Information Retrieval.
Using Multiple Query Aspects to Build Test Collections without Human Relevance Judgments.
Segmentation of Search Engine Results for Effective Data-Fusion.
ESUM: An Efficient System for Query-Specific Multi-document Summarization.
Sorting Out the Document Identifier Assignment Problem.
Workshop on Contextual Information Access, Seeking and Retrieval Evaluation.
Popularity Weighted Ranking for Academic Digital Libraries.
What Else Is There? Search Diversity Examined.
Feature- and Query-Based Table of Contents Generation for XML Documents.
Using WordNet's Semantic Relations for Opinion Detection in Blogs.
Naming Functions for the Vector Space Model.
Enhancing Expert Finding Using Organizational Hierarchies.
Incorporating Diversity and Density in Active Learning for Relevance Feedback.
Discovering Association Rules on Experiences from Large-Scale Blog Entries.
Searching Documents Based on Relevance and Type.
Upcoming Industrial Needs for Search.
Investigation of the Effectiveness of Cross-Media Indexing.
Measuring Similarity of Geographic Regions for Geographic Information Retrieval.
A Bayesian Approach for Learning Document Type Relevance.
Integrating Proximity to Subjective Sentences for Blog Opinion Retrieval.
Improve Ranking by Using Image Information.
Combining Content and Context Similarities for Image Retrieval.
A Comparative Study of Utilizing Topic Models for Information Retrieval.
-Step PageRank for Web Search.
Discounted Cumulated Gain Based Evaluation of Multiple-Query IR Sessions.
Associating People and Documents.
Improving Complex Interactive Question Answering with Wikipedia Anchor Text.
Effects of Aligned Corpus Quality and Size in Corpus-Based CLIR.
The Impact of Semantic Class Identification and Semantic Role Labeling on Natural Language Answer Extraction.
Classifying and Characterizing Query Intent.
Exploiting Locality of Wikipedia Links in Entity Ranking.
Web Search: Challenges and Directions.
Workshop on Geographic Information on the Internet Workshop (GIIW).
Focused Browsing: Providing Topical Feedback for Link Selection in Hypertext Browsing.
Effective Pre-retrieval Query Performance Prediction Using Similarity and Variability Evidence.
You Are a Document Too: Web Mining and IR for Next-Generation Information Literacy.
Using Coherence-Based Measures to Predict Query Difficulty.
Ranking Users for Intelligent Message Addressing.
Exploiting Semantic Annotations in Information Retrieval.
Automatic Vandalism Detection in Wikipedia.
Viewing Term Proximity from a Different Perspective.
Investigating the Effectiveness of Clickthrough Data for Document Reordering.
Improving Term Frequency Normalization for Multi-topical Documents and Application to Language Modeling Approaches.
Slide-Film Interface: Overcoming Small Screen Limitations in Mobile Web Search.
Some(What) Grand Challenges for Information Retrieval.
Studying Query Expansion Effectiveness.
Investigating Learning Approaches for Blog Post Opinion Retrieval.
A Framework of Evaluation for Question-Answering Systems.
Automatically Maintained Domain Knowledge: Initial Findings.
Active Learning Strategies for Multi-Label Text Classification.
Diversity, Assortment, Dissimilarity, Variety: A Study of Diversity Measures Using Low Level Features for Video Retrieval.
On Automatic Plagiarism Detection Based on n-Grams Comparison.
Design and Evaluation of a University-Wide Expert Search Engine.
Simple Adaptations of Data Fusion Algorithms for Source Selection.
Joint Ranking for Multilingual Web Search.
Query Expansion Using External Evidence.
Information Extraction and Linking in a Retrieval Context.
Part of Speech Based Term Weighting for Information Retrieval.
Adapting Naive Bayes to Domain Adaptation for Sentiment Analysis.
A Simple Linear Ranking Algorithm Using Query Dependent Intercept Variables.
Revisiting IR Techniques for Collaborative Search Strategies.
A Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data.
An Unsupervised Approach to Product Attribute Extraction.
Correlation of Term Count and Document Frequency for Google N-Grams.
Encoding Ordinal Features into Binary Features for Text Classification.
Sentiment-Oriented Contextual Advertising.
Topic and Trend Detection in Text Collections Using Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
If I Had a Million Queries.
Synchronous Collaborative Information Retrieval: Techniques and Evaluation.
"They Are Out There, If You Know Where to Look": Mining Transliterations of OOV Query Terms for Cross-Language Information Retrieval.
Document Compaction for Efficient Query Biased Snippet Generation.
Word Particles Applied to Information Retrieval.
Supervised Semantic Indexing.
Entropy-Based Static Index Pruning.
A Cost-Aware Strategy for Query Result Caching in Web Search Engines.
Cover Coefficient-Based Multi-document Summarization.
Mean-Variance Analysis: A New Document Ranking Theory in Information Retrieval.
Refining Keyword Queries for XML Retrieval by Combining Content and Structure.
Measurement Techniques and Caching Effects.
Searching User Generated Content: What's Next?.
Risk-Aware Information Retrieval.
Movie Recommender: Semantically Enriched Unified Relevance Model for Rating Prediction in Collaborative Filtering.
Using Second Order Statistics to Enhance Automated Image Annotation.
Choosing the Best MT Programs for CLIR Purposes - Can MT Metrics Be Helpful?
Bayesian Mixture Hierarchies for Automatic Image Annotation.
Combination of Documents Features Based on Simulated Click-through Data.
The Combination and Evaluation of Query Performance Prediction Methods.
Regression Rank: Learning to Meet the Opportunity of Descriptive Queries.
Exploiting Surface Features for the Prediction of Podcast Preference.
A Topic-Based Measure of Resource Description Quality for Distributed Information Retrieval.
Building a Graph of Names and Contextual Patterns for Named Entity Classification.
Split and Merge Based Story Segmentation in News Videos.
Exploiting Visual Concepts to Improve Text-Based Image Retrieval.
Representing User Navigation in XML Retrieval with Structural Summaries.
A Practitioner's Guide for Static Index Pruning.
XML Multimedia Retrieval: From Relevant Textual Information to Relevant Multimedia Fragments.
Generic and Spatial Approaches to Image Search Results Diversification.
Mining Query Logs.
Towards the Selection of Induced Syntactic Relations.
A Vector Space Model for Ranking Entities and Its Application to Expert Search.
Active Sampling for Rank Learning via Optimizing the Area under the ROC Curve.
Graded-Inclusion-Based Information Retrieval Systems.
Selective Application of Query-Independent Features in Web Information Retrieval.
Exploiting Flickr Tags and Groups for Finding Landmark Photos.
Extracting Geographic Context from the Web: GeoReferencing in MyMoSe.
Organizing Suggestions in Autocompletion Interfaces.
Improving Opinion Retrieval Based on Query-Specific Sentiment Lexicon.
Effectively Searching Maps in Web Documents.
Lexical Graphs for Improved Contextual Ad Recommendation.
Query Evolution.
Workshop on Information Retrieval over Social Networks.
A Study of the Impact of Index Updates on Distributed Query Processing for Web Search.
Model Fusion in Conceptual Language Modeling.
Using Contextual Information to Improve Search in Email Archives.
Multi-facet Rating of Product Reviews.
Quality-Oriented Search for Depression Portals.
Learning While Exploring: Bridging the Gaps in the Eligibility Traces.
An Empirical Study of Encoding Schemes and Search Strategies in Discovering Causal Networks.
An Integrated Approach to Learning Bayesian Networks of Rules.
Cost-Sensitive Decision Tree Learning for Forensic Classification.
Toward Robust Real-World Inference: A New Perspective on Explanation-Based Learning.
Learning in Agent-Oriented Worlds (Abstract).
Classification by Voting Feature Intervals.
Constructing Intermediate Concepts by Decomposition of Real Functions.
Variance Optimized Bagging.
A Comparison of Ranking Methods for Classification Algorithm Selection.
Fisher Kernels for Relational Data.
Support Vectors for Reinforcement Learning.
Multi-view Discriminative Sequential Learning.
Filtered Reinforcement Learning.
Support Vector Machines with Example Dependent Costs.
Random Matrices in Data Analysis.
Hidden Markov Models with Patterns and Their Application to Integrated Circuit Testing.
Two-Eyed Algorithms and Problems.
JIGSAW: Puzzling together RUTH and SPECTRE (Extended Abstract).
Learning Process Models with Missing Data.
From Knowledge-Based to Skill-Based Systems: Sailing as a Machine Learning Challenge.
Comparing Complete and Partial Classification for Identifying Latently Dissatisfied Customers.
ML Techniques and Text Analysis.
Case-Based Label Ranking.
Data Privacy.
On the Role of Machine Learning in Knowledge-Based Control.
Inverting Implication with Small Training Sets.
Pertinent Background Knowledge for Learning Protein Grammars.
Case-Based Learning: Beyond Classification of Feature Vectors.
Variational Extensions to EM and Multinomial PCA.
Short-Term Profiling for a Case-Based Reasoning.
Improving Bayesian Network Structure Search with Random Variable Aggregation Hierarchies.
An Axiomatic Approach to Feature Term Generalization.
Inducing Hidden Markov Models to Model Long-Term Dependencies.
Applying Support Vector Machines to Imbalanced Datasets.
Sequence Discrimination Using Phase-Type Distributions.
Learning in One-Shot Strategic Form Games.
Inducing Models of human Control Skills.
Sensitivity Analysis of the Result in Binary Decision Trees.
Improving the Robustness and Encoding Complexity of Behavioural Clones.
A Selective Sampling Strategy for Label Ranking.
Abalearn: A Risk-Sensitive Approach to Self-play Learning in Abalone.
Coevolutionary, Distributed Search for Inducing Concept Description.
Cascade Evaluation of Clustering Algorithms.
-SVCR. A Multi-class Support Vector Machine.
Making Good Probability Estimates for Regression.
Lazy Induction of Descriptions for Relational Case-Based Learning.
Induction of Feature Terms With INDIE.
Learning and Inference for Clause Identification.
Bagging Using Statistical Queries.
Macro-Operators in Multirelational Learning: A Search-Space Reduction Technique.
A Boosting Approach to Multiple Instance Learning.
An Experimental Study of Different Approaches to Reinforcement Learning in Common Interest Stochastic Games.
Robust Bayesian Linear Classifier Ensembles.
Learning Trading Rules with Inductive Logic Programming.
Clustering and Metaclustering with Nonnegative Matrix Decompositions.
Convergent Gradient Ascent in General-Sum Games.
Breaking Through the Syntax Barrier: Searching with Entities and Relations.
Exploiting Qualitative Knoledge to Enhance Skill Acquisition.
Life Cycle Modeling of News Events Using Aging Theory.
Revising Engineering Models: Combining Computational Discovery with Knowledge.
Fast Spectral Clustering of Data Using Sequential Matrix Compression.
Improving Knowledge Discovery Using Domain Knowledge in Unsupervised Learning.
A Framework for Learning Rules from Multiple Instance Data.
Combinatorial Markov Random Fields.
An Information-Theoretic Framework for High-Order Co-clustering of Heterogeneous Objects.
Discovery of Constraints and Data Dependencies in Databases (Extended Abstract).
Wrapping Web Information Providers by Transducer Induction.
Wrapper Generation via Grammar Induction.
God Doesn't Always Shave with Occam's Razor - Learning When and How to Prune.
Integrated Learning and Planning Based on Truncating Temporal Differences.
Estimating the Predictive Accuracy of a Classifier.
Possibilistic Induction in Decision-Tree Learning.
Learning Different Types of New Attributes by Combining the Neural Network and Iterative Attribute Construction.
Funtional Inductive Logic Programming with Queries to the User.
Improving Example-Guided Unfolding.
An Instance-Based Learning Method for Database: An Information Theoretic Approach.
Learning Abstract Planning Cases.
Automated Knowledge Acquisition for PROSPECTOR-like Expert Systems.
Languages as Hyperplanes: Grammatical Inference with String Kernels.
Learning Stochastic Tree Edit Distance.
Learning Domain Theories using Abstract Beckground Knowledge.
A SAT-Based Version Space Algorithm for Acquiring Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
A Context Similarity Measure.
Efficient Inference in Large Conditional Random Fields.
The Role of Prototypicality in Exemplar-Based Learning.
The Effects of Noise on Efficient Incremental Induction (Extended Abstract).
Learning to Complete Sentences.
Getting Order Independence in Incremental Learning.
Learning from Message Pairs for Automatic Email Answering.
Classification of Ordinal Data Using Neural Networks.
Estimation of Mixture Models Using Co-EM.
Unambiguous Automata Inference by Means of State-Merging Methods.
A Similar Fragments Merging Approach to Learn Automata on Proteins.
BMWk Revisited - Generalization and Formalization of an Algorithm for Detecting Recursive Relations in Term Sequences.
Specialization of Recursive Predicates.
Learning from Positive and Unlabeled Examples with Different Data Distributions.
Exploiting Classifier Combination for Early Melanoma Diagnosis Support.
Inference of Finite Automata: Reducing the Search Space with an Ordering of Pairs of States.
Recursive Lazy Learning for Modeling and Control.
The Huller: A Simple and Efficient Online SVM.
First-Order Learning for Web Mining.
Incremental Learning of Control Knowledge for Nonlinear Problem Solving.
Predicate Invention and Learning from Positive Examples Only.
Could Active Perception Aid Navigation of Partially Observable Grid Worlds?
A Kernel-Based Approach to Estimating Phase Shifts Between Irregularly Sampled Time Series: An Application to Gravitational Lenses.
Diversity versus Quality in Classification Ensembles Based on Feature Selection.
An Inductive Logic Programming Framework to Learn a Concept from Ambiguous Examples.
A Clustering Model Based on Matrix Approximation with Applications to Cluster System Log Files.
Pruning Decision Trees with Misclassification Costs.
Bayes and Pseudo-Bayes Estimates of Conditional Probabilities and Their Reliability.
Nonrigid Embeddings for Dimensionality Reduction.
Empirical Learning of Natural Language Processing Task.
A Distributed Genetic Algorithm Improving the Generalization Behavior of Neural Networks.
Combined Optimization of Feature Selection and Algorithm Parameters in Machine Learning of Language.
A Reinforcement Learning Algorithm Applied to Simplified Two-Player Texas Hold'em Poker.
Characterizing the Applicability of Classification Algorithms Using Meta-Level Learning.
Minimax TD-Learning with Neural Nets in a Markov Game.
Learning Non-Monotonic Logic Programs: Learning Exceptions.
Nonnegative Lagrangian Relaxation of -Means and Spectral Clustering.
The Minimum Volume Covering Ellipsoid Estimation in Kernel-Defined Feature Spaces.
Beyond Occam's Razor: Process-Oriented Evaluation.
Real-World Learning with Markov Logic Networks.
Analysis of Rachmaninoff's Piano Performances Using Inductive Logic Programming (Extended Abstract).
Speeding Up Relational Reinforcement Learning through the Use of an Incremental First Order Decision Tree Learner.
Thwarting the Nigritude Ultramarine: Learning to Identify Link Spam.
Composing Functions to Speed up Reinforcement Learning in a Changing World.
Severe Class Imbalance: Why Better Algorithms Aren't the Answer.
Continuous Mimetic Evolution.
ILP Experiments in Detecting Traffic Problems.
Learnability of Constrained Logic Programs.
Discovering Dynamics with Genetic Programming.
Handling Real Numbers in ILP: A Step Towards Better Behavioural Clones (Extended Abstract).
Analysis of the Performance of AdaBoost.M2 for the Simulated Digit-Recognition-Example.
How to Make AdaBoost.M1 Work for Weak Base Classifiers by Changing Only One Line of the Code.
Iterative Double Clustering for Unsupervised and Semi-supervised Learning.
Evaluating Misclassifications in Imbalanced Data.
On the Practice of Branching Program Boosting.
Approximation Algorithms for Minimizing Empirical Error by Axis-Parallel Hyperplanes.
A Geometric Approach to Feature Selection.
Inductive Learning of Characteristic Concept Description from Small Sets of Classified Examples.
Sparse Online Greedy Support Vector Regression.
Rotational Prior Knowledge for SVMs.
Iteratively Extending Time Horizon Reinforcement Learning.
Learning Disjunctive Normal Forms in a Dual Classifier System (Extended Abstract).
Boosting Applied toe Word Sense Disambiguation.
Decision Tree Pruning as a Search in the State Space.
Simplifying Decision Trees by Pruning and Grafting: New Results (Extended Abstract).
Next Generation Data Mining Tools: Power Laws and Self-similarity for Graphs, Streams and Traditional Data.
A Multiple Model Cost-Sensitive Approach for Intrusion Detection.
Concept Formation in Expressive Description Logics.
Refinement of Rule Sets with JoJo.
On the LearnAbility of Abstraction Theories from Observations for Relational Learning.
An Application of Machine Learning in the Domain of Loan Analysis.
Identifying Unrecognizable Regular Languages by Queries.
Improving the AUC of Probabilistic Estimation Trees.
Volume under the ROC Surface for Multi-class Problems.
A Comparison of Approaches for Learning Probability Trees.
Multi-level Boundary Classification for Information Extraction.
Scaled CGEM: A Fast Accelerated EM.
Predicate Invention in Inductive Data Engineering.
Counting Positives Accurately Despite Inaccurate Classification.
Beware the Null Hypothesis: Critical Value Tables for Evaluating Classifiers.
A Comparitive Utility Analysis of Case-Based Reasoning and Control-Rule Learning Systems.
A Simple Approach to Ordinal Classification.
Improving Control-Knowledge Acquisition for Planning by Active Learning.
Pairwise Classification as an Ensemble Technique.
FOSSIL: A Robust Relational Learner.
A Tight Integration of Pruning and Learning (Extended Abstract).
An Analysis of Stopping and Filtering Criteria for Rule Learning.
Pairwise Preference Learning and Ranking.
IDDD: An Inductive, Domain Dependent Decision Algorithm.
Adaptive Online Time Allocation to Search Algorithms.
Fitness Distance Correlation of Neural Network Error Surfaces: A Scalable, Continuous Optimization Problem.
Combining Classifiers by Constructive Induction.
A Minimization Approach to Propositional Inductive Learning.
Conditions for Occam's Razor Applicability and Noise Elimination.
Extraction of Recurrent Patterns from Stratified Ordered Trees.
Integrating Models of Knowledge and Machine Learning.
Right of Inference: Nearest Rectangle Learning Revisited.
A New Way to Introduce Knowledge into Reinforcement Learning.
Understanding Probabilistic Classifiers.
PAC-Learning of Markov Models with Hidden State.
Reasoning and Learning in Probabilistic and Possibilistic Networks: An Overview.
Reinforcement Learning for MDPs with Constraints.
Value Miner: A Data Mining Environment for the Calculation of the Customer Lifetime Value with Application to the Automotive Industry.
Investigation and Reduction of Discretization Variance in Decision Tree Induction.
Q-Learning and Redundancy Reduction in Classifier Systems with Internal State.
Optimal Stopping and Constraints for Diffusion Models of Signals with Discontinuities.
Efficient Non-linear Control Through Neuroevolution.
RIONA: A Classifier Combining Rule Induction and k-NN Method with Automated Selection of Optimal Neighbourhood.
A Discriminative Approach for the Retrieval of Images from Text Queries.
Efficient Prediction-Based Validation for Document Clustering.
On Concept Space and Hypothesis Space in Case-Based Learning Algorithms.
Efficiently Determining the Starting Sample Size for Progressive Sampling.
Kernel Basis Pursuit.
Intensional Learning of Logic Programs.
TildeCRF: Conditional Random Fields for Logical Sequences.
Improvement of the State Merging Rule on Noisy Data in Probabilistic Grammatical Inference.
An Iterative and Bottom-up Procedure for Proving-by-Example.
Using Hard Classifiers to Estimate Conditional Class Probabilities.
Asymmetric Co-evolution for Imperfect-Information Zero-Sum Games.
An Evolutionary Function Approximation Approach to Compute Prediction in XCSF.
Strength in Diversity: The Advance of Data Analysis.
Evidence that Incremental Delta-Bar-Delta Is an Attribute-Efficient Linear Learner.
Can Complexity Theory Benefit from Learning Theory?
Hybrid Algorithms with Instance-Based Classification.
Unsupervised Multiple-Instance Learning for Functional Profiling of Genomic Data.
Model Approximation for HEXQ Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
A Machine Learning Approach to Workflow Management.
A Multistrategy Learning System and Its Integration into an Interactive Floorplanning Tool.
Iterative Ensemble Classification for Relational Data: A Case Study of Semantic Web Services.
Partially Isomorphic Generalization and Analogical Reasoning.
Scaling Boosting by Margin-Based Inclusionof Features and Relations.
COllective INtelligence with Sequences of Actions - Coordinating Actions in Multi-agent Systems.
Analyzing Multi-agent Reinforcement Learning Using Evolutionary Dynamics.
Using Subclasses to Improve Classification Learning.
Learning What People (Don't) Want.
Multiclass Alternating Decision Trees.
Extraction of Knowledge from Data Using Constrained Neural Networks.
Estimating Attributed Central Orders: An Empirical Comparison.
Metrics on Terms and Clauses.
Learning and Classifying Under Hard Budgets.
Towards a Universal Theory of Artificial Intelligence Based on Algorithmic Probability and Sequential Decisions.
Learning Rules to Improve a Machine Translation System.
Convergence and Error Bounds for Universal Prediction of Nonbinary Sequences.
Constructive Induction for Classifying Time Series.
Detecting Fraud in Health Insurance Data: Learning to Model Incomplete Benford's Law Distributions.
Generalization under Implication by using Or-Introduction.
Consensus Decision Trees: Using Consensus Hierarchical Clustering for Data Relabelling and Reduction.
Decision-Tree Based Neural Network (Extended Abstract).
Using Rewards for Belief State Updates in Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes.
Improved Smoothing for Probabilistic Suffix Trees Seen as Variable Order Markov Chains.
The Utilization of Context Signals in the Analysis of ABR Potentials by Application of Neural Networks.
Fisher Kernels for Logical Sequences.
On Testing the Missing at Random Assumption.
Concept Formation in Complex Domains.
Bayesian Learning of Markov Network Structure.
Learning of Variability for Invariant Statistical Pattern Recognition.
Learning from Recursive, Tree Structured Examples.
Active Learning in Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes.
Optimising Performance of Competing Search Engines in Heterogeneous Web Environments.
B-Matching for Spectral Clustering.
Experiments on Solving Multiclass Learning Problems by -classifier.
Training Support Vector Machines with Multiple Equality Constraints.
Machine Learning of Plan Robustness Knowledge About Instances.
Some Lower Bounds for the Computational Complexity of Inductive Logic Programming.
SWITCH: A Novel Approach to Ensemble Learning for Heterogeneous Data.
COBBIT - A Control Procedure for COBWEB in the Presence of Concept Drift.
Text Categorization with Suport Vector Machines: Learning with Many Relevant Features.
Handling Continuous-Valued Attributes in Decision Tree with Neural Network Modelling.
Approximate Policy Iteration for Closed-Loop Learning of Visual Tasks.
Patching Approximate Solutions in Reinforcement Learning.
Task-Driven Discretization of the Joint Space of Visual Percepts and Continuous Actions.
Learning Recursion with Iterative Bootstrap Induction (Extended Abstract).
Fast Variational Inference for Gaussian Process Models Through KL-Correction.
Experiments in Value Function Approximation with Sparse Support Vector Regression.
Human-Agent Interaction and Machine Learning.
A Kernel Between Unordered Sets of Data: The Gaussian Mixture Approach.
EM Algorithm for Symmetric Causal Independence Models.
An ALgorithm for Learning Hierarchical Classifiers.
Rademacher Penalization over Decision Tree Prunings.
The Enron Corpus: A New Dataset for Email Classification Research.
Deconvolutive Clustering of Markov States.
Bayes Optimal Instance-Based Learning.
Complexity Approximation Principle and Rissanen's Approach to Real-Valued Parameters.
(Agnostic) PAC Learning Concepts in Higher-Order Logic.
Collaborative Learning of Term-Based Concepts for Automatic Query Expansion.
Learning Belief Network Structure from Data Under Causal Insufficiency.
Cost-Sensitive Pruning of Decision Trees.
Bandit Based Monte-Carlo Planning.
Margin Maximizing Discriminant Analysis.
Industrial Applications of ML: Illustrations for the KAML Dilemma and the CBR Dream.
Bottom-Up Induction of Oblivious Read-Once Decision Graphs.
The Power of Decision Tables.
Patching Proofs for Reuse (Extended Abstract).
Bayesian Learning with Mixtures of Trees.
Estimating Attributes: Analysis and Extensions of RELIEF.
Learning to Solve Complex Tasks for Reactive Systems (Extended Abstract).
Finding Hidden Factors Using Independent Component Analysis.
Batch Classification with Discrete Finite Mixtures.
DP 1: Supervised and Unsupervised Clustering.
Efficient Large Scale Linear Programming Support Vector Machines.
Bayesian and Information-Theories Priors for Bayesian Network Parameters.
Error Analysis of Automatic Speech Recognition Using Principal Direction Divisive Partitioning.
The Evaluation of Predictive Learners: Some Theoretical and Empirical Results.
Backpropagation in Decision Trees for Regression.
Robust -DNF Learning via Inductive Belief Merging.
Comparing the Bayes and Typicalness Frameworks.
Multi-class Ensemble-Based Active Learning.
Active Learning for Probability Estimation Using Jensen-Shannon Divergence.
Learning to Play a Highly Complex Game from Human Expert Games.
Q-Cut - Dynamic Discovery of Sub-goals in Reinforcement Learning.
Multiple-Knowledge Representation in Concept Learning.
Pruning Multivariate Decision Trees by Hyperplane Merging.
A Study on the Performance of Large Bayes Classifier.
Discovering Patterns in EEG-Signals: Comparative Study of a Few Methods.
Learning When Negative Examples Abound.
Problem Decomposition and the Learning of Skills.
Efficient Case Based Feature Construction.
Adapting to Drift in Continuous Domains (Extended Abstract).
A Language-Based Similarity Measure.
A Model Based Method for Automatic Facial Expression Recognition.
Co-operative Reinforcement Learning By Payoff Filters (Extended Abstract).
Reliable Classifications with Machine Learning.
Machine Learning in the World Wide Web.
Robustness Analyses of Instance-Based Collaborative Recommendation.
Feature Subset Selection in Text-Learning.
An Evolutionary Algorithm for Cost-Sensitive Decision Rule Learning.
Using Machine Learning Techniques to Interpret Results from Discrete Event Simulation.
iBoost: Boosting Using an i nstance-Based Exponential Weighting Scheme.
Feature Selection Using Rough Sets Theory.
Subsumption and Refinement in Model Inference.
Convergence Rate of Minimization Learning for Neural Networks.
Existence and Nonexistence of Complete Refinement Operators.
Symbolic Discriminant Analysis for Mining Gene Expression Patterns.
A Model for Generalization Based on Confirmatory Induction.
Scope Classification: An Instance-Based Learning Algorithm with a Rule-Based Characterisation.
Improved Pairwise Coupling Classification with Correcting Classifiers.
Two Contributions of Constraint Programming to Machine Learning.
The Representation Race - Preprocessing for Handling Time Phenomena.
Logistic Model Trees.
A Multistrategy Approach to the Classification of Phases in Business Cycles.
Induction of Recursive Bayesian Classifiers.
Using a Symbolic Machine Learning Tool to Refine Lexico-syntactic Patterns.
Learning Context-Free Grammars with a Simplicity Bias.
Self-evaluated Learning Agent in Multiple State Games.
Partially Supervised Text Classification: Combining Labeled and Unlabeled Documents Using an EM-like Scheme.
Efficient Convolution Kernels for Dependency and Constituent Syntactic Trees.
Multi-objective Classification with Info-Fuzzy Networks.
Toward an Ecplanatory Similarity Measure for Nearest-Neighbor Classification.
A Mixture Approach to Novelty Detection Using Training Data with Outliers.
Spline Embedding for Nonlinear Dimensionality Reduction.
Margin-Sparsity Trade-Off for the Set Covering Machine.
Why Is Rule Learning Optimistic and How to Correct It.
Applying the Bayesian Evidence Framework to \nu -Support Vector Regression.
Learning Linear Constraints in Inductive Logic Programming.
Transductive Gaussian Process Regression with Automatic Model Selection.
Color Image Segmentation: Kernel Do the Feature Space.
Inductive Logic Programming: Derivations, Successes and Shortcomings.
Improving Progressive Sampling via Meta-learning on Learning Curves.
Measuring Performance when Positives Are Rare: Relative Advantage versus Predictive Accuracy - A Biological Case Study.
Evaluation of Topographic Clustering and Its Kernelization.
Active Learning with Irrelevant Examples.
A Normalization Method for Contextual Data: Experience from a Large-Scale Application.
Automatic Synthesis of Control Programs by Combination of Learning and Problem Solving Methods (Extended Abstract).
Naive (Bayes) at Forty: The Independence Assumption in Information Retrieval.
Finite-Element Methods with Local Triangulation Refinement for Continuous Reimforcement Learning Problems.
Batch Reinforcement Learning with State Importance.
A General Convergence Method for Reinforcement Learning in the Continuous Case.
Parallel Recombinative Reinforcement Learning (Extended Abstract).
Towards Finite-Sample Convergence of Direct Reinforcement Learning.
Classification with Support Hyperplanes.
Infinite Ensemble Learning with Support Vector Machines.
Mining TCP/IP Traffic for Network Intrusion Detection by Using a Distributed Genetic Algorithm.
Simulating Children Learning and Explaining Elementary Heat Transfer Phenomena: A Multistrategy System at Work.
Methods for Rule Conflict Resolution.
Knowledge Representation in Machine Learning.
Learning to Control Dynamic Systems with Automatic Quantization.
Using Lattice-Based Framework as a Tool for Feature Extraction.
A New Pairwise Ensemble Approach for Text Classification.
A Monotonic Measure for Optimal Feature Selection.
Early Screening for Castric Cancer Using machine Learning Techniques.
A Note on Refinement Operators.
An Efficient Method to Estimate Labelled Sample Size for Transductive LDA(QDA/MDA) Based on Bayes Risk.
Dynamic Discretization of Continuous Values from Time Series.
Complexity Dimensions and Learnability.
Sample PAC-Learnability in Model Inference.
Analyzing Sensory Data Using Non-linear Preference Learning with Feature Subset Selection.
Analytical Learning Guided by Empirical Technology: An Approach to Integration (Extended Abstract).
Relative Unsupervised Discretization for Regresseion Problems.
Inductive Genetic Programming with Decision Trees.
Towards a Simple Clustering Criterion Based on Minimum Length Encoding.
Evaluating Feature Selection for SVMs in High Dimensions.
An Analytic and Empirical Comparison of Two Methods for Discovering Probabilistic Causal Relationships.
A Robust Boosting Algorithm.
Fitting the Smallest Enclosing Bregman Ball.
Combining Discrete Algorithmic and Probabilistic Approaches in Data Mining.
Social Agents Playing a Periodical Policy.
Class Probability Estimation and Cost-Sensitive Classification Decisions.
Learning Patterns of Behavior by Observing System Events.
DQL: A New Updating Strategy for Reinforcement Learning Based on Q-Learning.
Metric-Based Inductive Learning Using Semantic Height Functions.
Revisiting Fisher Kernels for Document Similarities.
Learning Verbal Transitivity Using LogLinear Models.
Dynamic Asset Allocation Exploiting Predictors in Reinforcement Learning Framework.
Part-of-Speech Tagging Using Decision Trees.
On-Line Support Vector Machine Regression.
Parallel and Distributed Search for Structure in Multivariate Time Series.
Similarity-Based Alignment and Generalization.
Abstract Computer Models: Towards a New Method for Theorizing About Adaptive Agents.
Fast Non-negative Dimensionality Reduction for Protein Fold Recognition.
Averaging Over Decision Stumps.
A Host-Parasite Genetic Algorithm for Asymmetric Tasks.
Mode Directed Path Finding.
Learning When to Collaborate among Learning Agents.
Case Exchange Strategies in Multiagent Learning.
Justification-Based Selection of Training Examples for Case Base Reduction.
Using Feature Conjunctions Across Examples for Learning Pairwise Classifiers.
The Effect of Numeric Features on the Scalability of Inductive Learning Programs.
Inductive Confidence Machines for Regression.
Automatically Evolving Rule Induction Algorithms.
Dimensionality Reduction through Sub-space Mapping for Nearest Neighbor Algorithms.
Natural Actor-Critic.
Controlling Constructive Induction in CIPF: An MDL Approach.
A New MDL Measure for Robust Rule Induction (Extended Abstract).
Compression-Based Pruning of Decision Lists.
Bayesian Active Learning for Sensitivity Analysis.
Classification with Maximum Entropy Modeling of Predictive Association Rules.
Flexible Integration of Multiple Learning Methods into a Problem Solving Architecture.
Integrated Learning Architectures.
Independent Subspace Analysis on Innovations.
Explicit Local Models: Towards "Optimal" Optimization Algorithms.
Theoretical Results on Reinforcement Learning with Temporally Abstract Options.
Inducing Head-Driven PCFGs with Latent Heads: Refining a Tree-Bank Grammar for Parsing.
Propagation of Q-values in Tabular TD(lambda).
Transductive Confidence Machines for Pattern Recognition.
Scaling Model-Based Average-Reward Reinforcement Learning for Product Delivery.
FOIL: A Midterm Report.
Feature Selection Filters Based on the Permutation Test.
Theta-Subsumption for Structural Matching.
Learning (k, l)-Contextual Tree Languages for Information Extraction.
Building Committees by Clustering Models Based on Pairwise Similarity Values.
Classification Approach towards Banking and Sorting Problems.
Second Order Features for Maximising Text Classification Performance.
Characterizing Markov Decision Processes.
Using MDP Characteristics to Guide Exploration in Reinforcement Learning.
Sparse Distributed Memories for On-Line Value-Based Reinforcement Learning.
Error-Correcting Output Codes for Local Learners.
Class-Driven Statistical Discretization of Continuous Attributes (Extended Abstract).
Neural Fitted Q Iteration - First Experiences with a Data Efficient Neural Reinforcement Learning Method.
MCMC Learning of Bayesian Network Models by Markov Blanket Decomposition.
Experiments with Cost-Sensitive Feature Evaluation.
Improving Random Forests.
On Applying Tabling to Inductive Logic Programming.
A Short Note About the Application of Polynomial Kernels with Fractional Degree in Support Vector Learning.
Reasoning with Classifiers.
Margin-Based Active Learning for Structured Output Spaces.
Taking Causality Seriously: Propensity Score Methodology Applied to Estimate the Effects of Marketing Interventions.
Phase Transitions and Stochastic Local Search in k-Term DNF Learning.
Robust Probabilistic Calibration.
Uncertain Learning Agents (Abstract).
Analogical Logic Program Synthesis from Examples.
The Principal Components Analysis of a Graph, and Its Relationships to Spectral Clustering.
Generating Neural Networks Through the Induction of Threshold Logic Unit Trees (Extended Abstract).
Learning Classification Rules Using Lattices (Extended Abstract).
On Discriminative Joint Density Modeling.
Probabilistic Incremental Program Evolution: Stochastic Search Through Program Space.
Learning to Classify X-Ray Images Using Relational Learning.
*** paper retracted by the authors *** [Learning Models of Relational Stochastic Processes].
Missing Data in Kernel PCA.
A Markov Network Based Factorized Distribution Algorithm for Optimization.
Mixtures of Kikuchi Approximations.
Importance Sampling Techniques in Neural Detector Training.
Concept Sublattices.
Using String Kernels to Identify Famous Performers from Their Playing Style.
Nonparametric Regularization of Decision Trees.
Induction of Recursive Program Schemes.
Automatic Acquisition of Lexical Knowledge from Sparse and Noisy Data.
A Kernel Approach for Learning from almost Orthogonal Patterns.
Boosting in PN Spaces.
Exploiting Extremely Rare Features in Text Categorization.
Explanation-Based Generalization in Game Playing: Quantitative Results.
Hybrid Classification: Using Axis-Parallel and Oblique Subdivisions of the Attribute Space (Extended Abstract).
The Piecewise Linear Classifier DIPOL92.
Genetic Algorithms for Protein Tertiary Structure Prediction.
Using Constraints to Building Version Spaces.
An Induction-based Control for Genetic Algorithms (Extended Abstract).
On Boosting Improvement: Error Reduction and Convergence Speed-Up.
Using Heuristics to Speed up Induction on Continuous-Valued Attributes.
NeuroLinear: A System for Extracting Oblique Decision Rules from Neural Networks.
Inducing and Using Decision Rules in the GRG Knowledge Discovery System.
Improving SVM Text Classification Performance through Threshold Adjustment.
Model-Based Online Learning of POMDPs.
Prioritizing Point-Based POMDP Solvers.
Simple Test Strategies for Cost-Sensitive Decision Trees.
Graph Based Semi-supervised Learning with Sharper Edges.
Complexity of Computing Generalized VC-Dimensions.
Backoff Parameter Estimation for the DOP Model.
Error-Sensitive Grading for Model Combination.
Discriminative Clustering: Optimal Contingency Tables by Learning Metrics.
Associative Clustering.
Strategy Learning for Reasoning Agents.
Learning with Mixture Models: Concepts and Applications.
An Efficient and Effective Procedure for Updating a Competence Model for Case-Based Reasoners.
Learning Relations with Closing the World (Extended Abstract).
FENDER: An Approach to Theory Restructuring (Extended Abstract).
An Overview of Evolutionary Computation.
Predicate Invention in ILP - an Overview.
On the Utility of Predicate Invention in Inductive Logic Programming.
Properties of Inductive Logic Programming in Function-Free Horn Logic.
Two Methods for Improving Inductive Logic Programming Systems.
Constructing and Sharing Perceptual Distiinctions.
Layered Learning.
Learning Problem-Solving Concepts by Reflecting on Problem Solving.
An Efficient Approximation to Lookahead in Relational Learners.
Problem Decomposition for Behavioural Cloning.
Induction of Qualitative Trees.
Improving Numerical Prediction with Qualitative Constraints.
Learning to Fly Simple and Robust.
Combining Bias and Variance Reduction Techniques for Regression Trees.
Bayesian Network Methods for Traffic Flow Forecasting with Incomplete Data.
U-Likelihood and U-Updating Algorithms: Statistical Inference in Latent Variable Models.
Learning and Exploitation Do Not Conflict Under Minimax Optimality.
An Optimal Best-First Search Algorithm for Solving Infinite Horizon DEC-POMDPs.
Text Categorization Using Transductive Boosting.
Dynamic Feature Selection in Incremental Hierarchical Clustering.
A Buffering Strategy to Avoid Ordering Effects in Clustering.
On the Boosting Pruning Problem.
Using Multiple Clause Constructors in Inductive Logic Programming for Semantic Parsing.
Representing Biases for Inductive Logic Programming.
Biases and Their Effects in Inductive Logic Programming.
A Guided Tour Through Hypothesis Spaces in ILP.
Learning in Dynamically Changing Domains: Theory Revision and Context Dependence Issues.
Improvement of Systems Management Policies Using Hybrid Reinforcement Learning.
Boosting Density Function Estimators.
A Generative Model for Semantic Role Labeling.
An Empirical Study of MetaCost Using Boosting Algorithms.
Matching Model Versus Single Model: A Study of the Requirement to Match Class Distribution Using Decision Trees.
Model Combination in the Multiple-Data-Batches Scenario.
Boosting Trees for Cost-Sensitive Classifications.
Ranking with Predictive Clustering Trees.
Using Domain Knowledge on Population Dynamics Modeling for Equation Discovery.
Inducing Polynomial Equations for Regression.
Controlled Redundancy in Incremental Rule Learning.
Rule Combination in Inductive Learning.
Error Estimators for Pruning Regression Trees.
Clustered Partial Linear Regression.
Search-Based Class Discretization.
Ensemble Learning with Supervised Kernels.
Natural Ideal Operators in Inductive Logic Programming.
Skill Acquisition Via Transfer Learning and Advice Taking.
Using Advice to Transfer Knowledge Acquired in One Reinforcement Learning Task to Another.
Optimizing Local Probability Models for Statistical Parsing.
A Distance-Based Approach for Action Recommendation.
Analysis of Generic Perceptron-Like Large Margin Classifiers.
Constant Rate Approximate Maximum Margin Algorithms.
Efficient Hyperkernel Learning Using Second-Order Cone Programming.
Diversified SVM Ensembles for Large Data Sets.
Support Vector Machines for Polycategorical Classification.
Effective Voting of Heterogeneous Classifiers.
Dynamic Integration with Random Forests.
Mining the Web for Synonyms: PMI-IR versus LSA on TOEFL.
Exploiting Context When Learning to Classify.
Extended Replicator Dynamics as a Key to Reinforcement Learning in Multi-agent Systems.
Statistification or Mystification? The Need for Statistical Thought in Visual Data Mining.
A Case Study in Loyality and Satisfaction Research.
Determining Property Relevance in Concept Formation by Computing Correlation Between Properties.
Visualizations for Assessing Convergence and Mixing of MCMC.
SIA: A Supervised Inductive Algorithm with Genetic Search for Learning Attributes based Concepts.
Multi-armed Bandit Algorithms and Empirical Evaluation.
Ibots Learn Genuine Team Solutions.
A Unified Framework for Evaluation Metrics in Classification Using Decision Trees.
A Decomposition of Classes via Clustering to Explain and Improve Naive Bayes.
Global Data Analysis and the Fragmentation Problem in Decision Tree Induction.
Improving Rocchio with Weakly Supervised Clustering.
Classification Learning Using All Rules.
On Prediction by Data Compression.
Learning Classification with Both Labeled and Unlabeled Data.
Improving Term Extraction by System Combination Using Boosting.
Inductive Learning of Normal Clauses.
Classification on Data with Biased Class Distribution.
Fast Optimization Methods for L1 Regularization: A Comparative Study and Two New Approaches.
Knowledge Discovery from Very Large Databases Using Frequent Concept Lattices.
Multiple-Instance Learning Via Random Walk.
Multimodal Function Optimizing by a New Hybrid Nonlinear Simplex Search and Particle Swarm Algorithm.
Network Game and Boosting.
Improving the Ranking Performance of Decision Trees.
Annealed Discriminant Analysis.
Discovering Admissible Simultaneous Equation Models from Observed Data.
Language Series Revisited: The Complexity of Hypothesis Spaces in ILP (Extended Abstract).
A Two-Level Learning Method for Generalized Multi-instance Problems.
Interpretable Neural Networks with BP-SOM.
A Hybrid Nearest-Neighbor and Nearest-Hyperrectangle Algorithm.
Discovering Strong Principles of Expressive Music Performance with the PLCG Rule Learning Strategy.
The Musical Expression Project: A Challenge for Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery.
Effective Learning in Dynamic Environments by Explicit Context Tracking.
Guiding the Search in the NO Region of the Phase Transition Problem with a Partial Subsumption Test.
Convergence and Divergence in Standard and Averaging Reinforcement Learning.
Speeding up Q(lambda)-Learning.
Prototype, Nearest Neighbor and Hybrid Algorithms for Time Series Classification (Extended Abstract).
Scalability, Search, and Sampling: From Smart Algorithms to Active Discovery.
On the Proper Definition of Minimality in Specialization and Theory Revision.
Document Representation for One-Class SVM.
Localized Alternative Cluster Ensembles for Collaborative Structuring.
Context Sensitive Paraphrasing with a Global Unsupervised Classifier.
Cost-Sensitive Learning of SVM for Ranking.
A Simple Lexicographic Ranker and Probability Estimator.
Distributional Features for Text Categorization.
Finding the Right Family: Parent and Child Selection for Averaged One-Dependence Estimators.
Subspace Metric Ensembles for Semi-supervised Clustering of High Dimensional Data.
Statistical Debugging Using Latent Topic Models.
An Adaptive Kernel Method for Semi-supervised Clustering.
Efficient Pairwise Classification.
Modeling Highway Traffic Volumes.
Proportional k-Interval Discretization for Naive-Bayes Classifiers.
Dual Strategy Active Learning.
To Select or To Weigh: A Comparative Study of Model Selection and Model Weighing for SPODE Ensembles.
Class Noise Mitigation Through Instance Weighting.
Ensembles of Nearest Neighbor Forecasts.
Structure Learning of Probabilistic Relational Models from Incomplete Relational Data.
An Information Geometric Perspective on Active Learning.
Bayesian Substructure Learning - Approximate Learning of Very Large Network Structures.
Model Selection in Omnivariate Decision Trees.
Analyzing Co-training Style Algorithms.
Variational Bayesian Dirichlet-Multinomial Allocation for Exponential Family Mixtures.
Towards 'Interactive' Active Learning in Multi-view Feature Sets for Information Extraction.
Stacking with an Extended Set of Meta-level Attributes and MLR.
Efficient Computation of Recursive Principal Component Analysis for Structured Input.
Using Diversity in Preparing Ensembles of Classifiers Based on Different Feature Subsets to Minimize Generalization Error.
Kernel-Based Grouping of Histogram Data.
Roulette Sampling for Cost-Sensitive Learning.
The Cost of Learning Directed Cuts.
Some Improvements on Event-Sequence Temporal Region Methods.
Shrinkage Estimator for Bayesian Network Parameters.
An Intelligent Model for the Signorini Contact Problem in Belt Grinding Processes.
Probabilistic Models for Action-Based Chinese Dependency Parsing.
Geometric Properties of Naive Bayes in Nominal Domains.
Learning Directed Probabilistic Logical Models: Ordering-Search Versus Structure-Search.
Naive Bayesian Classifiers for Ranking.
Policy Gradient Critics.
Conditional Independence Trees.
Probabilistic Explanation Based Learning.
Clustering in Knowledge Embedded Space.
Hinge Rank Loss and the Area Under the ROC Curve.
Naive Bayesian Classifier Committees.
On Phase Transitions in Learning Sparse Networks.
Exploiting Unlabeled Data in Content-Based Image Retrieval.
On Minimizing the Position Error in Label Ranking.
Ensembles of Multi-instance Learners.
Graph-Based Domain Mapping for Transfer Learning in General Games.
Population Diversity in Permutation-Based Genetic Algorithm.
Learning to Classify Documents with Only a Small Positive Training Set.
Cluster-Grouping: From Subgroup Discovery to Clustering.
On Pairwise Naive Bayes Classifiers.
Simultaneous Concept Learning of Fuzzy Rules.
Random -Labelsets: An Ensemble Method for Multilabel Classification.
Learning Balls of Strings with Correction Queries.
SAMIA: A Bottom-Up Learning Method Using a Simulated Annealing Algorithm.
Semi-definite Manifold Alignment.
Bayesian Network Learning with Abstraction Hierarchies and Context-Specific Independence.
-Means with Large and Noisy Constraint Sets.
Approximating Gaussian Processes with -Matrices.
Batch Classification with Applications in Computer Aided Diagnosis.
Bayesian Inference for Sparse Generalized Linear Models.
Test-Cost Sensitive Classification Based on Conditioned Loss Functions.
Learning a Classifier with Very Few Examples: Analogy Based and Knowledge Based Generation of New Examples for Character Recognition.
Learning Partially Observable Markov Models from First Passage Times.
Active Class Selection.
Safe Q-Learning on Complete History Spaces.
An Improved Model Selection Heuristic for AUC.
Principal Component Analysis for Large Scale Problems with Lots of Missing Values.
Discriminative Sequence Labeling by Z-Score Optimization.
Exploiting Term, Predicate, and Feature Taxonomies in Propositionalization and Propositional Rule Learning.
General Solution for Supervised Graph Embedding.
Nondeterministic Discretization of Weights Improves Accuracy of Neural Networks.
Imitation Learning Using Graphical Models.
Avoiding Boosting Overfitting by Removing Confusing Samples.
Semi-supervised Collaborative Text Classification.
Clustering Trees with Instance Level Constraints.
Learning an Outlier-Robust Kalman Filter.
Stability Based Sparse LSI/PCA: Incorporating Feature Selection in LSI and PCA.
Decision Tree Instability and Active Learning.
Transfer Learning in Reinforcement Learning Problems Through Partial Policy Recycling.
Planning and Learning in Environments with Delayed Feedback.
Seeing the Forest Through the Trees: Learning a Comprehensible Model from an Ensemble.
Learning from Relevant Tasks Only.
Scale-Space Based Weak Regressors for Boosting.
Separating Precision and Mean in Dirichlet-Enhanced High-Order Markov Models.
Constraint Selection by Committee: An Ensemble Approach to Identifying Informative Constraints for Semi-supervised Clustering.
Counter-Example Generation-Based One-Class Classification.
Efficient Continuous-Time Reinforcement Learning with Adaptive State Graphs.
Optimizing Feature Sets for Structured Data.
An Unsupervised Learning Algorithm for Rank Aggregation.
Classifier Loss Under Metric Uncertainty.
Level Learning Set: A Novel Classifier Based on Active Contour Models.
Undercomplete Blind Subspace Deconvolution Via Linear Prediction.
Neighborhood-Based Local Sensitivity.
Sequence Labeling with Reinforcement Learning and Ranking Algorithms.
Stepwise Induction of Multi-target Model Trees.
Comparing Rule Measures for Predictive Association Rules.
User Oriented Hierarchical Information Organization and Retrieval.
Weighted Kernel Regression for Predicting Changing Dependencies.
Spectral Clustering and Embedding with Hidden Markov Models.
Ensembles of Multi-Objective Decision Trees.
Source Separation with Gaussian Process Models.
Additive Groves of Regression Trees.
Multi-objective Genetic Programming for Multiple Instance Learning.
Learning Metrics Between Tree Structured Data: Application to Image Recognition.
XML: Current Developments and Future Challenges for the Database Community.
On High Dimensional Skylines.
Towards Optimal Indexing for Segment Databases.
Optimizing Queries with Aggregate Views.
A Localized Approach to Distributed Query Processing.
Commit Scope Control in Nested Transactions.
Version Management for Scientific Databases.
Optimizing Storage of Objects on Mass Storage Systems with Robotic Devies.
The Implementation and Performance Evaluation of the ADMS Query Optimizer: Integrating Query Result Caching and Matching.
XQzip: Querying Compressed XML Using Structural Indexing.
Fast Computation of Reachability Labeling for Large Graphs.
Efficient Complex Query Support for Multiversion XML Documents.
Index of Authors.
A Formal Temporal Object-Oriented Data Model.
Approximate Query Processing with Summary Tables in Statistical Databases.
Views and Security in Distributed Database Management Systems.
Data Management in the Social Web.
Towards a Logical-Object Oriented Programming Language for Databases.
COL: A Logic-Based Language for Complex Objects.
MULTOS: a Document Server for Distributed Office Systems.
A Framework for Distributed XML Data Management.
Hierarchical Declustering Schemes for Range Queries.
Querying and Updating Probabilistic Information in XML.
A Model for Ternary Projective Relations between Regions.
FIS-by-Step: Visualization of the Fast Index Scan for Nearest Neighbor Queries.
Query Planning in the Presence of Overlapping Sources.
Database Support for Efficiently Maintaining Derived Data.
Finding Equivalent Rewritings in the Presence of Arithmetic Comparisons.
Indexing Alternatives for Multiversion Locking.
On Containment of Conjunctive Queries with Arithmetic Comparisons.
Querying TSQL2 Databases with Temporal Logic.
On Futuristic Query Processing in Data Streams.
Multi-dimensional Aggregation for Temporal Data.
A Condensation Approach to Privacy Preserving Data Mining.
Natix Visual Interfaces.
A Non-Restrictive Concurrency Control for Object Oriented Databases.
Dynamically Optimizing High-Dimensional Index Structures.
Athena: Mining-Based Interactive Management of Text Database.
MonetDB/XQuery-Consistent and Efficient Updates on the Pre/Post Plane.
Type Derivation Using the Projection Operation.
Monet And Its Geographic Extensions: A Novel Approach to High Performance GIS Processing.
Mining Process Models from Workflow Logs.
An Implementation of P3P Using Database Technology.
The Need for an Object Relational Model and its Use.
On Honesty in Sovereign Information Sharing.
The Reuse and Modification of Rulebases by Predicate Substituation.
Supporting Access Control in an Object-Oriented Database Language.
LabFlow-1: A Database Benchmark for High-Throughput Workflow Management.
Ambient Intelligence: Plenty of Challenges by 2010.
Expressiveness and Performance of Full-Text Search Languages.
Efficient OLAP Query Processing in Distributed Data Warehouses.
Adaptive Parallel Query Execution in DBS3.
Minimizing Detail Data in Data Warehouses.
A New Design for a Native XML Storage and Indexing Manager.
An Evaluation of Alternative Disk Scheduling Techniques in Support of Variable Bit Rate Continuous Media.
XQueryViz: An XQuery Visualization Tool.
An Overview of Sidereus: A Graphical Database Schema Editor for Galileo.
XQBE: A Graphical Interface for XQuery Engines.
Another Example of a Data Warehouse System Based on Transposed Files.
Generalized Bottom-Up Query Evaluation.
Quasi-Copies: Efficient Data Sharing for Information Retrieval Systems.
The Demarcation Protocol: A Technique for Maintaining Linear Arithmetic Constraints in Distributed Database Systems.
A Unified Approach to Concurrency Control and Transaction Recovery (Extended Abstract).
A Probalilistic Relational Data Model.
Flexible Integration of Molecular-Biological Annotation Data: The GenMapper Approach.
OGSA-DQP: A Service for Distributed Querying on the Grid.
MUSCLE: Music Classification Engine with User Feedback.
Title, Foreword, Sponsorship, Organization, Program Commitee, External Referees.
UMiner: A Data Mining System Handling Uncertainty and Quality.
Static Management of Integrity in Object-Oriented Databases: Design and Implementation.
Title, Foreword, Sponsorship, Program Commitee, Additional Referees.
Tree Pattern Relaxation.
Improving the Query Performance of High-Dimensional Index Structures by Bulk-Load Operations.
Title, Foreword, Sponsorship, Organization, Program Commitee, Additional Referees.
On Bounding-Schemas for LDAP Directories.
Plug&Join: An easy-to-use Generic Algorithm for Efficiently Processing Equi and Non-Equi Joins.
Title, Foreword, Sponsorship, Organization, Program Commitee, Additional Referees.
The HyperModel Benchmark.
VICO: Visualizing Connected Object Orderings.
Concepts for Graph-Oriented Object Manipulation.
Entity-Situation: A Model for the Knowledge Representation Module of a KBMS.
LIMBO: Scalable Clustering of Categorical Data.
A Pragmatic Approach for Integrating Data Management and Tasks Management: Modelling and Implementation Issues.
A Robust and Self-tuning Page-Replacement Strategy for Spatial Database Systems.
PRISMA Database Machine: A Distributed, Main-Memory Approach.
Approximation Techniques to Enable Dimensionality Reduction for Voronoi-Based Nearest Neighbor Search.
A Unified Approach for Indexed and Non-Indexed Spatial Joins.
Indexing Shared Content in Information Retrieval Systems.
Efficient Query Evaluation over Compressed XML Data.
Compilation-Based List Processing in Deductive Databases.
Similarity Search on Time Series Based on Threshold Queries.
Optimization of Queries using Nested Indices.
Dynamic and Load-balanced Task-Oriented Datbase Query Processing in Parallel Systems.
TQuEST: Threshold Query Execution for Large Sets of Time Series.
Supporting Full-Text Information Retrieval with a Persistent Object Store.
Model-Independent Schema and Data Translation.
Physical Design Refinement: The "Merge-Reduce" Approach.
Design and Maintenance of Data-Intensive Web Sites.
A Uniform Approach to Constraint Satisfaction and Constraint Satisfiability in Deductive Databases.
T-Araneus: Management of Temporal Data-Intensive Web Sites.
Subsumption between Queries to Object-Oriented Databases.
Management of Multiple Models in an Extensible Database Design Tool.
Theoretical Aspects of Schema Merging.
An Adaptive Overflow Technique for B-trees.
Meta-SQL: Towards Practical Meta-Querying.
A Systematic Approach for Informal Communication During Workflow Execution.
Doing Business with the Web: The Informix/Illustra Approach.
A Logical Approach to Multidimensional Databases.
Efficient Distributed Skylining for Web Information Systems.
An Intelligent Information Dictionary for Semantic Manipulation of Relational Databases.
Indexing Incomplete Databases.
Understanding Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Types for Data-Oriented Languages.
Using Checksums to Detect Data Corruption.
LISPO: a Persistent Object-Oriented Lisp.
Object View Hierarchies in DB2 UDB.
Persistent Client-Server Database Sessions.
A Knowledge-Based Approach to Statistical Query Processing.
Integrating Concurrency Control into an Object-Oriented Database System.
A Foundation for Evolution from Relational to Object Databases.
A Metric Definition, Computation, and Reporting Model for Business Operation Analysis.
The Many Faces of Query Monotonicity.
Semantic Workflow Interoperability.
Multi-Level Transaction Management, Theoretical Art or Practical Need ?
Semantic Analysis of Business Process Executions.
Handling Interlinked XML Instances on the Web.
A View Mechanism for Object-Oriented Databases.
Table of Contents.
An Overview of the Distributed Query System DQS.
Information System Design: An Expert System Approach.
Making an Object-Oriented DBMS Active: Design, Implementation, and Evaluation of a Prototype.
The Algres Project.
Mining Classification Rules from Datasets with Large Number of Many-Valued Attributes.
Abstract Machine for LDL.
Data Integration using Self-Maintainable Views.
Querying with Intrinsic Preferences.
Geo-Relational Algebra: A Model and Query Language for Geometric Database Systems.
Hippo: A System for Computing Consistent Answers to a Class of SQL Queries.
Situation Aware Mobile Access to Digital Libraries.
On Exploring the Power-Law Relationship in the Itemset Support Distribution.
BISON: Providing Business Information Analysis as a Service.
A Comparison of Concatenated and Superimposed Code Word Surrogate Files for Very Large Data/Knowledge Bases.
Efficient Indexing of Spatiotemporal Objects.
Process Management and Assertion Enforcement for a Semantic Data Model.
Optimal Multi-Block Read Schedule for Partitioned Signature Files.
The Processing and Evaluation of Transitive Closure Queries.
Processing Complex Similarity Queries with Distance-Based Access Methods.
Matrix-Relation for Statistical Database Management.
Performance of DB2 Enterprise-Extended Edition on NT with Virtual Interface Architecture.
On the Semantics of (Bi)Temporal Variable Databases.
Self-tuning UDF Cost Modeling Using the Memory-Limited Quadtree.
Databases in Distributed Systems: The New Frontier (Extended Abstract).
Existentially Quantified Typed as a Database Viewing Mechanism.
Coupling of FDBS and WfMS for Integrating Database and Application Systems: Architecture, Complexity, Performance.
Deductive Database Support for Data Visualization.
A Lock Technique for Disjoint and Non-Disjoint Complex Objects.
Uniform Object Management.
Tell-Me: A Natural Language Query System.
Fast Approximate Wavelet Tracking on Streams.
Retrieval of Complex Objects.
Query by Visual Example - Content based Image Retrieval.
A Tale of Two Schemas: Creating a Temporal XML Schema from a Snapshot Schema with tXSchema.
Implementation of Delayed Updates in Heraclitus.
The APPROXML Tool Demonstration.
Video Information Contents and Architecture.
Securing XML Documents.
DAML+OIL: A Reason-able Web Ontology Language.
CQL++: A SQL for the Ode Object-Oriented DBMS.
An Extensible, Distributed Simulation Environment for Peer Data Management Systems.
OCB: A Generic Benchmark to Evaluate the Performances of Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Fast Nearest Neighbor Search on Road Networks.
How to Tackle Schema Validation by View Updating.
Converged Services: A Hidden Challenge for the Web Services Paradigm.
A Multi-Threaded Architecture for Prefetching in Object Bases.
Table of Contents.
Dynamic Development and Refinement of HyperMedia Documents.
Performance and Availability Assessment for the Configuration of Distributed Workflow Management Systems.
Table of Contents.
Hierarchical In-Network Data Aggregation with Quality Guarantees.
Representation of the Historical Information Necessary for Temporal Integrity Monitoring.
Towards Expressive Publish/Subscribe Systems.
The Twin Grid File: A Nearly Space Optimal Index Structure.
Aggregate Aware Caching for Multi-Dimensional Queries.
P2P-DIET: One-Time and Continuous Queries in Super-Peer Networks.
Joining Punctuated Streams.
Power Efficient Filtering of Data an Air.
Composition of Mining Contexts for Efficient Extraction of Association Rules.
A Framework for Efficient Storage Security in RDBMS.
Sketch-Based Multi-query Processing over Data Streams.
Schemas for Telling Stories in Medical Records.
Sabrina-RT, A Distributed DBMS for Telecommunications.
The Manchester Multimedia Information System.
A Database-Supported Workbench for Information Fusion: INFUSE.
DBDC: Density Based Distributed Clustering.
Using Convolution to Mine Obscure Periodic Patterns in One Pass.
On Concurrency Control in Sliding Window Queries over Data Streams.
Efficient LCA based keyword search in XML data.
A Multidatabase System for Transnational Accounting.
GRIDS, Databases, and Information Systems Engineering Research.
Object Framework for Business Applications.
Query Processing in Distributed ORION.
A Systematic Approach to Selecting Maintenance Policies in a Data Warehouse Environment.
NNH: Improving Performance of Nearest-Neighbor Searches Using Histograms.
Querying Mediated Geographic Data Sources.
Managing Web Sites with OntoWebber.
Incremental Generalization for Mining in a Data Warehousing Environment.
The DURES Project: Extending Datbases into an Open System Architecture.
Progressive Query Optimization for Federated Queries.
Hybrid Index Organizations for Text Databases.
Efficient Similarity Search for Hierarchical Data in Large Databases.
Mining Extremely Skewed Trading Anomalies.
On Indexing Sliding Windows over Online Data Streams.
IRO-DB: Making Relational and Object-Oriented Database Systems Interoperable.
XQuery by the Book: The IPSI XQuery Demonstrator.
SAT: Spatial Awareness from Textual Input.
Buffer Management in Distributed Database Systems: A Data Mining Based Approach.
Methods and Tools for Equivalent Data Model Mapping Construction.
Providing High Availability in Very Large Worklflow Management Systems.
Security and Privacy for Web Databases and Services.
Indexing Values in Continuous Field Databases.
Object Query Services for Telecommunication Networks.
Authorization-Transparent Access Control for XML Under the Non-Truman Model.
The PARK Semantics for Active Rules.
MATISSE: A Multimedia Web DBMS.
Querying Graph Databases.
CUBE File: A File Structure for Hierarchically Clustered OLAP Cubes.
Data Mapping as Search.
LH*LH: A scalable High Performance Data Structure for Switched Multicomputers.
Correctness of ISA Hierarchies in Object-Oriented Database Schemas.
Adaptive and Automated Index Selection in RDBMS.
A Framework for Context-Aware Adaptable Web Services.
A Conceptual Model and a Tool Environment for Developing More Scalable, Dynamic, and Customizable Web Applications.
An Assessment of Non-Standard DBMSs for CASE Environments.
VALIDITY: Applications of a DOOD System.
Database Architecture Fertilizers: Just-in-Time, Just-Enough, and Autonomous Growth.
HySpirit - A Probabilistic Inference Engine for Hypermedia Retrieval in Large Databases.
Database Support for Problematic Knowledge.
Parallel Processing of Multiple Aggregate Queries on Shared-Nothing Multiprocessors.
An Approach to Integrating Query Refinement in SQL.
STX: Connecting the XML Web to the World of Semantics.
Exploiting Cluster Analysis for Constructing Multi-dimensional Histograms on Both Static and Evolving Data.
Incremental Maintenance of Schema-Restructuring Views.
Processing Data-Stream Join Aggregates Using Skimmed Sketches.
A Prolog Interface to a Functional Data Model Database.
Content-Based Routing of Path Queries in Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Optimizing Object-Oriented Datbase Queries using Cost-Controlled Rewriting.
An Approach to the Semi-Automatic Generation of Mediator Specifications.
An Introduction to the e-XML Data Integration Suite.
A Framework for the Physical Design Problem for Data Synopses.
Exploiting Persistent Intermediate Code Representations in Open Database Environments.
Exploring Heterogeneous Biological Databases: Tools and Applications.
MobiEyes: Distributed Processing of Continuously Moving Queries on Moving Objects in a Mobile System.
MONDRIAN: A Visual Tool to Annotate and Query Scientific Databases.
Supporting Semantic Rules by a Generalized Event/Trigger Mechanism.
The Dynamic Data Cube.
Declustering Spatial Databases on a Multi-Computer Architecture.
Deferred Maintenance of Disk-Based Random Samples.
With HEART Towards Response Time Guarantees for Message-Based e-Services.
Improving the Efficiency of XPath Execution on Relational Systems.
Optimization of Linear Logic Programs Using Counting Methods.
Management of Highly Dynamic Multidimensional Data in a Cluster of Workstations.
Optimization in a Logic Based Language for Knowledge and Data Intensive Applications.
An Execution Model for Distributed Database Transactions and Its Implementation in VPL.
Optimizing Voting-Type Algorithms for Replicated Data.
LexEQUAL: Supporting Multiscript Matching in Database Systems.
File Access Level Optimization Using Page Access Graph on Recursive Query Evaluation.
Integrating a Maximum-Entropy Cardinality Estimator into DB2 UDB.
On Efficient Matching of Streaming XML Documents and Queries.
Aggregation of Continuous Monitoring Queries in Wireless Sensor Networking Systems.
Dynamic Queries over Mobile Objects.
O2, an Object-Oriented Data Model.
A Path Removing Technique for Detecting Trigger Termination.
Designing Functional Dependencies for XML.
Caching Complementary Space for Location-Based Services.
Modelling Large Scale OLAP Scenarios.
TeNDaX, a Collaborative Database-Based Real-Time Editor System.
A Universal Relation Model for Nested Relations.
Reasoning with Aggregation Constraints.
Constructing a Generic Natural Language Interface for an XML Database.
Pincer Search: A New Algorithm for Discovering the Maximum Frequent Set.
Iterative Incremental Clustering of Time Series.
Multilevel Trie Hashing.
A Hash Partition Strategy for Distributed Query Processing.
Fast Query Point Movement Techniques with Relevance Feedback for Content-Based Image Retrieval.
A Data Model for Semistructured Data with Partial and Inconsistent Information.
Indexing Spatially Sensitive Distance Measures Using Multi-resolution Lower Bounds.
Online, Non-blocking Relational Schema Changes.
Efficient Discovery of Functional Dependencies and Armstrong Relations.
An Extension of the Relational Model to Support Generic Intervals.
Cut-and-Pick Transactions for Proxy Log Mining.
Referential Actions: From Logical Semantics to Implementation.
Navigation-Driven Evaluation of Virtual Mediated Views.
Multi-query SQL Progress Indicators.
The Iris Kernel Architecture.
The ORDB-Based SFB-501-Reuse-Repository.
Charting a Dataspace: Lessons from Lewis and Clark.
Panel: Has Theory Brought Anything to Database Systems and Will It in the Future?
Non-contiguous Sequence Pattern Queries.
Supporting Temporal Slicing in XML Databases.
STRIDER: A Versatile System for Structural Disambiguation.
Efficient Algorithms for Mining Inclusion Dependencies.
Gene Expression Data Management: A Case Study.
XPath with Conditional Axis Relations.
Synopses Reconciliation Via Calibration in the -Synopses System.
t-Synopses: A System for Run-Time Management of Remote Synopses.
The Design and Architecture of the -Synopses System.
Projection Pushing Revisited.
Efficient Queries over Web Views.
SLIQ: A Fast Scalable Classifier for Data Mining.
Distributed Spatial Clustering in Sensor Networks.
Divide-and-Conquer Algorithm for Computing Set Containment Joins.
Composite Events in Chimera.
Spatiotemporal Compression Techniques for Moving Point Objects.
X-Evolution: A System for XML Schema Evolution and Document Adaptation.
ESPRIT: Trends & Challenges in DB Technology.
IQN Routing: Integrating Quality and Novelty in P2P Querying and Ranking.
Improving DB2 Performance Expert - A Generic Analysis Framework.
Equal Time for Data on the Internet with WebSemantics.
Schema Equivalence in Heterogeneous Systems: Bridging Theory and Practice (Extended Abstract).
Placement of Replicated Items in Distributed Databases.
Panel: ``Why are object-oriented folks producing systems, while deductive foks are producing papers?''.
A Graph-Oriented Model for Articulation of Ontology Interdependencies.
Multiple Substitutability Without Affecting the Taxonomy.
Algorithms for Flexible Space Management in Transaction Systems Supporting Fine-Granularity Locking.
Single Table Access Using Multiple Indexes: Optimization, Execution, and Concurrency Control Techniques.
Efficient Locking and Caching of Data in the Multisystem Shard Disks Transaction Environment.
On Behavioral Schema Evolution in Object-Oriented Databases.
Tabu Search Optimization of Large Join Queries.
LoT: Dynamic Declustering of TSB-Tree Nodes for Parallel Access to Temporal Data.
Processing Unions of Conjunctive Queries with Negation under Limited Access Patterns.
Modeling Physical Systems by Complex Structural Objects and Complex Functional Objects.
SCUBA: Scalable Cluster-Based Algorithm for Evaluating Continuous Spatio-temporal Queries on Moving Objects.
Optimizing Monitoring Queries over Distributed Data.
The CVS Algorithm for View Synchronization in Evolvable Large-Scale Information Systems.
Representing and Using Performance Requirements During the Development of Information Systems.
Spatial Data Server for Mobile Environment.
Clustering Multidimensional Extended Objects to Speed Up Execution of Spatial Queries.
Managing Collections of XML Schemas in Microsoft SQL Server 2005.
Complex Aggregation at Multiple Granularities.
Bit-Sliced Signature Files for Very Large Text Databases an a Parallel Machine Architecture.
Fine-granularity Locking and Client-Based Logging for Distributed Architectures.
Approximate Processing of Multiway Spatial Joins in Very Large Databases.
A Framework for Access Methods for Versioned Data.
An Architecture for Management of Large, Distributed, Scientific Data Using SQL/MED and XML.
Knowledge Discovery from Epidemiological Databases.
Virtual Schemas and Bases.
Distributed Database Applications - Introduction by the Session Chairman.
: An Approximate Retrieval System for Highly Heterogeneous XML Document Collections.
Hermes - A Framework for Location-Based Data Management.
Discovery-Driven Exploration of OLAP Data Cubes.
Distributed Query Optimization by Query Trading.
Hyperdatabases: Infrastructure for the Information Space.
Feedback-Driven Structural Query Expansion for Ranked Retrieval of XML Data.
Cobra: A Content-Based Video Retrieval System.
HOPI: An Efficient Connection Index for Complex XML Document Collections.
A Rule-Based Approach for the Design and Implementation of Information Systems.
Role-based Query Processing in Multidatabase Systems.
Composite-Object Views in Relational DBMS: An Implementation Perspective.
Efficient Dynamic Programming Algorithms for Ordering Expensive Joins and Selections.
Replication, Load Balancing and Efficient Range Query Processing in DHTs.
OLAP Query Routing and Physical Design in a Database Cluster.
Accomodating Integrity Constraints During Database Design.
Set Operations in a Data Model Supporting Complex Objects.
Extending the Functional Data Model to Computational Completeness.
Schema-Driven Evaluation of Approximate Tree-Pattern Queries.
Fragmentation of Recursive Relations in Distributed Datbases.
ProPolyne: A Fast Wavelet-Based Algorithm for Progressive Evaluation of Polynomial Range-Sum Queries.
Pipelined Query Processing in the DBGraph Storage Model.
XML Duplicate Detection Using Sorted Neighborhoods.
Tamino - An Internet Database System.
FlexInd: A Flexible and Parameterizable Air-Indexing Scheme for Data Broadcast Systems.
Filter-Based Join Algorithms on Uniprocessor and Distributed-Memory Multiprocessor Database Machines.
A Geometric Approach to Indexing Large Rule Bases.
A Model-Theoretic Semantics of the Multilevel Relational Model.
Correct Schema Transformations.
Sampling Issues in Parallel Database Systems.
Navigating Virtual Information Sources with Know-ME.
Support for Data- and Knowledge-Based Applications - Introduction by the Session Chairman.
Scalable Update Propagation in Epidemic Replicated Databases.
Optimal Plan Search in a Rule-Based Query Optimizer.
Retrieval of Multimedia Documents by Imprecise Query Specification.
Multivariate and Multidimensional OLAP.
A Model of Authorization for Object-Oriented and Semantic Databases.
Processing transitive nearest-neighbor queries in multi-channel access environments.
Efficient Schema-Based Revalidation of XML.
Evolution of Knowledge Bases.
Conflicting XML Updates.
Order Based Analysis Functions in NCR Teradata Parallel RDBMS.
Content Routing for Distributed Information Servers.
Universal Quantification in Relational Databases: A Classification of Data and Algorithms.
TAILOR, A Tool for Updating Views.
HEAVEN: A Hierarchical Storage and Archive Environment for Multidimensional Array Database Management Systems.
Query-Customized Rewriting and Deployment of DB-to-XML Mappings.
On Formalizing Database Updates: Preliminary Report.
Materialized View Selection for Multi-Cube Data Models.
Parametric Rectangles: A Model for Querying and Animation of Spatiotemporal Databases.
VAR-PAGE-LRU A Buffer Replacement Algorithm Supporting Different Page Sizes.
Automatic Deployment of Application-Specific Metadata and Code in MOCHA.
Fundamental Techniques for Order Optimization.
XG: A Grid-Enabled Query Processing Engine.
Computing and Handling Cardinal Direction Information.
On Fast Non-metric Similarity Search by Metric Access Methods.
Digital Video: Just Another Data Stream?.
Subsumption-Free Bottom-up Evaluation of Logic Programs with Partially Instantiated Data Structures.
Mining Sequential Patterns: Generalizations and Performance Improvements.
Performance of On-Line Index Construction Algorithms.
Evolution and Revolutions in LDAP Directory Caches.
Optimization of Nested Queries in a Complex Object Model.
Translating OSQL-Queries into Efficient Set Expressions.
Exceeding the Limits of Polymorphism in Database Programming Languages.
Optimizing Scientific Databases for Client Side Data Processing.
The Object Management Group Standardization of Object Technology (Abstract).
Holistic Schema Matching for Web Query Interfaces.
Selectivity Estimation for Spatial Joins with Geometric Selections.
On the Estimation of Join Result Sizes.
A Scheme to Specify and Implement Ad-Hoc Recovery in Workflow Systems.
Aggregate Processing of Planar Points.
Towards KBMS for Software Development: An Overview of the DAIDA Project.
The Events Method for View Updating in Deductive Databases.
The Index-Based XXL Search Engine for Querying XML Data with Relevance Ranking.
A Database Perspective on Building Large Applications - Experience Report.
Spatio-temporal Information Systems in a Statistical Context.
Efficient and Adaptive Processing of Multiple Continuous Queries.
First-Order Queries over Temporal Databases Inexpressible in Temporal Logic.
Dynamic and Structured Presentation of Database Contents on the Web.
Slim-Trees: High Performance Metric Trees Minimizing Overlap Between Nodes.
Evolving Triggers for Dynamic Environments.
CAT: orrect nswers of Continuous Queries Using riggers.
The Geometry of Uncertainty in Moving Objects Databases.
QuaSAQ: An Approach to Enabling End-to-End QoS for Multimedia Databases.
Finding Data Broadness Via Generalized Nearest Neighbors.
TDB: A Database System for Digital Rights Management.
From Analysis to Interactive Exploration: Building Visual Hierarchies from OLAP Cubes.
Integration of Incremental View Maintenance into Query Optimizers.
Resource Adaptive Periodicity Estimation of Streaming Data.
Supporting Efficient Parametric Search of E-Commerce Data: A Loosely-Coupled Solution.
Bridging Physical and Virtual Worlds: Complex Event Processing for RFID Data Streams.
Rewriting Unions of General Conjunctive Queries Using Views.
A Decomposition-Based Probabilistic Framework for Estimating the Selectivity of XML Twig Queries.
Approximate Graph Schema Extraction for Semi-Structured Data.
Profit Mining: From Patterns to Actions.
Trading Quality for Time with Nearest Neighbor Search.
On the Ubiquity of Information Services and the Absence of Guaranteed Service Quality.
AFFIC: A Foundation for Index Comparisons.
Dealing with Asynchrony in Technology Transfer.
Content Schema Evolution in the CoreMedia; Content Application Platform CAP.
Beyond 1-Safety and 2-Safety for Replicated Databases: Group-Safety.
Building Dynamic Market Places Using HyperQueries.
Enabling Outsourced Service Providers to Think Globally While Acting Locally.
Indexing Nucleotide Databases for Fast Query Evaluation.
Parallelism For High Performance Query Processing.
Management of Dynamic Location Information in DOMINO.
Managing and Querying Versions of Multiversion Data Warehouse.
Estimating Answer Sizes for XML Queries.
eVitae: An Event-Based Electronic Chronicle.
Parallelizing Skyline Queries for Scalable Distribution.
Broadcast-Based Data Access in Wireless Environments.
TrajPattern: Mining Sequential Patterns from Imprecise Trajectories of Mobile Objects.
Temporal View Self-Maintenance.
Maintaining Temporal Views over Non-Temporal Information Sources for Data Warehousing.
Bridging the Gap between Response Time and Energy-Efficiency in Broadcast Schedule Design.
Fusion Queries over Internet Databases.
Efficient Quantile Retrieval on Multi-dimensional Data.
Amalgamating SGML Documents and Databases.
Declustering Two-Dimensional Datasets over MEMS-Based Storage.
HASE: A Hybrid Approach to Selectivity Estimation for Conjunctive Predicates.
Data Base Programming Tools in the Atlant Language.
Deductive Databases - Theory Meets Practice.
Temporal Aggregation over Data Streams Using Multiple Granularities.
Spatial Queries in the Presence of Obstacles.
DBJ - A Dynamic Balancing Hash Join Algorithm in Multiprocessor Database Systems (Extented Abstract).
DPTree: A Distributed Pattern Tree Index for Partial-Match Queries in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
An ECA Rule Rewriting Mechanism for Peer Data Management Systems.
Energy-Conserving Air Indexes for Nearest Neighbor Search.
A Theory for Rule Triggering Systems.
Detecting Similarities in Ontologies with the SOQA-SimPack Toolkit.
The SIRUP Ontology Query API in Action.
Dynamic skyline queries in metric spaces.
The TS-tree: efficient time series search and retrieval.
Semantic peer, here are the neighbors you want!
The SBC-tree: an index for run-length compressed sequences.
Anonymity for continuous data publishing.
Streaming in a connected world: querying and tracking distributed data streams.
BI batch manager: a system for managing batch workloads on enterprise data-warehouses.
Quality of service and predictability in DBMS.
P2P systems with transactional semantics.
Synthesizing structured text from logical database subsets.
Fast computing reachability labelings for large graphs with high compression rate.
A concurrency control protocol for parallel B-tree structures without latch-coupling for explosively growing digital content.
Continuous multi-way joins over distributed hash tables.
Exact and inexact methods for selecting views and indexes for OLAP performance improvement.
Biocomputational puzzles: data, algorithms, and visualization.
HISSCLU: a hierarchical density-based method for semi-supervised clustering.
Automatic content targeting on mobile phones.
Load distribution of analytical query workloads for database cluster architectures.
Engineering succinct DOM.
Data services in your spreadsheet!
An inductive database and query language in the relational model.
Zerber: r-confidential indexing for distributed documents.
iDataGuard: middleware providing a secure network drive interface to untrusted internet data storage.
BeMatch: a platform for matchmaking service behavior models.
Highly scalable trip grouping for large-scale collective transportation systems.
Robustness in automatic physical database design.
Social ties and their relevance to churn in mobile telecom networks.
Reality check: a case study of an EII research prototype encountering customer needs.
SeMap: a generic mapping construction system.
Schema polynomials and applications.
Taxonomy-superimposed graph mining.
Ownership protection of shape datasets with geodesic distance preservation.
Efficient online top-K retrieval with arbitrary similarity measures.
Scalable XQuery type matching.
Indexing high-dimensional data in dual distance spaces: a symmetrical encoding approach.
Mining all frequent projection-selection queries from a relational table.
Summary management in P2P systems.
Finding time-dependent shortest paths over large graphs.
The TELAR mobile mashup platform for Nokia internet tablets.
Schema mapping verification: the spicy way.
Ring-constrained join: deriving fair middleman locations from pointsets via a geometric constraint.
Why go logarithmic if we can go linear?: Towards effective distinct counting of search traffic.
OrthoCluster: a new tool for mining synteny blocks and applications in comparative genomics.
Providing freshness guarantees for outsourced databases.
BioScout: a life-science query monitoring system.
On the brink: searching for drops in sensor data.
Flint: Google-basing the Web.
A novel spectral coding in a large graph database.
Schema merging and mapping creation for relational sources.
Self-organizing strategies for a column-store database.
Ensuring correctness over untrusted private database.
A stratified approach to progressive approximate joins.
SPARQLing constraints for RDF.
Probabilistic ranked queries in uncertain databases.
Revisiting redundancy and minimization in an XPath fragment.
Cost-based query optimization for complex pattern mining on multiple databases.
Virtualization and databases: state of the art and research challenges.
Expressive query specification through form customization.
XCraft: boosting the performance of active XML materialization.
Building web applications without a database system.
Optimizing on-demand data broadcast scheduling in pervasive environments.
Mine your own business, mine others' news!
ACCOn: checking consistency of XML write-access control policies.
Compacting music signatures for efficient music retrieval.
Deleting index entries from compliance storage.
Multi-dimensional search for personal information management systems.
Online recovery in cluster databases.
MC: a multimedia context-based security engine.
BIBEX: a bibliographic exploration tool based on the DEX graph query engine.
Querying time-series streams.
Data exchange in the presence of arithmetic comparisons.
Fast contextual preference scoring of database tuples.
On-line discovery of hot motion paths.
Data challenges at Yahoo!
GADDI: distance index based subgraph matching in biological networks.
A data damage tracking quarantine and recovery (DTQR) scheme for mission-critical database systems.
Continuous privacy preserving publishing of data streams.
Supporting annotations on relations.
Workload-aware data partitioning in community-driven data grids.
A query processor for prediction-based monitoring of data streams.
AlphaSum: size-constrained table summarization using value lattices.
Evaluating probability threshold k-nearest-neighbor queries over uncertain data.
A view selection algorithm with performance guarantee.
Personalizing entity detection and recommendation with a fusion of web log mining techniques.
Answering aggregate keyword queries on relational databases using minimal group-bys.
Approximate substring selectivity estimation.
Scalable OLAP and mining of information networks.
A sequential indexing scheme for flash-based embedded systems.
Continuous visible nearest neighbor queries.
Anonymizing moving objects: how to hide a MOB in a crowd?
Towards materialized view selection for distributed databases.
Xoom: a tool for zooming in and out of XML documents.
Interactive query refinement.
FOGGER: an algorithm for graph generator discovery.
HIDE: heterogeneous information DE-identification.
Finding the influence set through skylines.
Sequenced spatio-temporal aggregation in road networks.
On the comparison of microdata disclosure control algorithms.
Flexible and scalable storage management for data-intensive stream processing.
Self-tuning query mesh for adaptive multi-route query processing.
BaseX & DeepFS joint storage for filesystem and database.
Automating the loading of business process data warehouses.
Reverse k-nearest neighbor search in dynamic and general metric databases.
Retrieving meaningful relaxed tightest fragments for XML keyword search.
Efficiently indexing shortest paths by exploiting symmetry in graphs.
It takes variety to make a world: diversification in recommender systems.
Fair, effective, efficient and differentiated scheduling in an enterprise data warehouse.
Performance evaluation in database research: principles and experience.
Flexible and efficient querying and ranking on hyperlinked data sources.
-Hist: taming massive high-dimensional data cube compression.
Flexible query answering on graph-modeled data.
Efficient skyline computation in metric space.
G-hash: towards fast kernel-based similarity search in large graph databases.
Indexing density models for incremental learning and anytime classification on data streams.
Efficient skyline retrieval with arbitrary similarity measures.
Data integration flows for business intelligence.
A sampling approach for XML query selectivity estimation.
Efficient top-k count queries over imprecise duplicates.
Flower-CDN: a hybrid P2P overlay for efficient query processing in CDN.
Query ranking in probabilistic XML data.
Zerber: top-k retrieval from a confidential index.
On rewriting XPath queries using views.
A novel approach for efficient supergraph query processing on graph databases.
Expressive, yet tractable XML keys.
GCIP: exploiting the generation and optimization of integration processes.
Continuous probabilistic nearest-neighbor queries for uncertain trajectories.
Multiplicative synopses for relative-error metrics.
On-line exact shortest distance query processing.
Exploiting similarity-aware grouping in decision support systems.
Managing long-running queries.
Secondary bitmap indexes with vertical and horizontal partitioning.
A methodology for preference-based personalization of contextual data.
A tool for mapping discovery over revealing schemas.
Distributed similarity search in high dimensions using locality sensitive hashing.
Data clouds: summarizing keyword search results over structured data.
An efficient online auditing approach to limit private data disclosure.
Optimized union of non-disjoint distributed data sets.
Evaluating very large datalog queries on social networks.
Processing probabilistic spatio-temporal range queries over moving objects with uncertainty.
CourseCloud: summarizing and refining keyword searches over structured data.
Exploiting the power of relational databases for efficient stream processing.
RankClus: integrating clustering with ranking for heterogeneous information network analysis.
Efficient provenance storage over nested data collections.
EventSummarizer: a tool for summarizing large event sequences.
Schema-conscious filtering of XML documents.
An approach to detecting relevant updates to cached data using XML and active databases.
On keys, foreign keys and nullable attributes in relational mapping systems.
Time-completeness trade-offs in record linkage using adaptive query processing.
MarcoPolo: a community system for sharing and integrating travel information on maps.
Type-based categorization of relational attributes.
Efficient maintenance techniques for views over active documents.
Parsimonious temporal aggregation.
Transactions on the multiversion B-tree.
Rule-based multi-query optimization.
Fast object search on road networks.
MVT: a schema mapping validation tool.
PROUD: a probabilistic approach to processing similarity queries over uncertain data streams.
Recursion in XQuery: put your distributivity safety belt on.
Sample synopses for approximate answering of group-by queries.
Provenance for nested subqueries.
The C-ND tree: a multidimensional index for hybrid continuous and non-ordered discrete data spaces.
Neighbor-based pattern detection for windows over streaming data.
Top- dominant web services under multi-criteria matching.
Finding frequent co-occurring terms in relational keyword search.
Unrestricted wavelet synopses under maximum error bound.
Ranking objects based on relationships and fixed associations.
Shore-MT: a scalable storage manager for the multicore era.
Efficient identification of starters and followers in social media.
Estimating aggregates in time-constrained approximate queries in Oracle.
Geographic privacy-aware knowledge discovery and delivery.
A runtime approach to model-independent schema and data translation.
Hiding distinguished ones into crowd: privacy-preserving publishing data with outliers.
High-performance information extraction with AliBaba.
Parallelization of XPath queries using multi-core processors: challenges and experiences.
Privacy-preserving data mashup.
Estimating the number of frequent itemsets in a large database.
Efficient constraint evaluation in categorical sequential pattern mining for trajectory databases.
Caching content-based queries for robust and efficient image retrieval.
Detecting privacy violations in database publishing using disjoint queries.
NNexus: an automatic linker for collaborative web-based corpora.
Scalable stream join processing with expensive predicates: workload distribution and adaptation by time-slicing.
Towards integrated and efficient scientific sensor data processing: a database approach.
A data model for trip planning in multimodal transportation systems.
Top-k dominating queries in uncertain databases.
Integrated Environment for Information Management in VLSI Design.
Approximation Techniques for Indexing the Earth Mover's Distance in Multimedia Databases.
Knowledge-Based Support for the Development of Database-Centered Applications.
Schema and Data Translation.
ModelGen: Model Independent Schema Translation.
IsaLog: A declarative language for complex objects with hierarchies.
ULIXES: Building Relational Views over the Web.
Formal Properties of Net-Based Knowledge Representation Schemes.
On the Effectiveness of Fault-Tolerance Techniques in Parallel Associative Database Processors.
Approximating StreamingWindow Joins Under CPU Limitations.
Load Shedding for Aggregation Queries over Data Streams.
Adaptive Caching for Continuous Queries.
Semantics-Based Concurrency Control: Beyond Commutativity.
Universal Access versus Universal Storage.
Scalable Web Server Design for Distributed Data Management.
Dynamics Analysis in Database Design.
Personalized Services for Mobile Route Planning.
Progressive Distributed Top k Retrieval in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
VISUAL: A Graphical Icon-Based Query Language.
Optimization of Hypothetical Queries in an OLAP Environment.
Specification-Based Computing Environments for Information Management.
Ensuring Data Security and Integrity with a Fast Stable Storage.
Network Latency Optimizations in Distributed Database Systems.
Concurrency Control by Pre-Ordering Entities in Databases with Multi-Versioned Entities.
Semantic Query Optimization for Methods in Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Performance Evaluation of Two Concurrency Control Protocols for Distributed Databases with Multiversioned Entities.
P2P Information Systems.
Tioga-2: A Direct Manipulation Database Visualization Environment.
A Query Model for Object-Oriented Databases.
Constructing and Querying Peer-to-Peer Warehouses of XML Resources.
Expert System Based Configuration of VSAM Files.
Accurate Estimation of the Cost of Spatial Selections.
Advanced Transaction Models in Workflow Contexts.
RATIONALE: Reasoning by Explaining.
Negotiating Data Access in Federated Database Systems.
Prefetching from Broadcast Disks.
Data Sharing in a Large Heterogeneous Environment.
Systematic Multiresolution and Its Application to the World Wide Web.
Title, Foreword, Program Chairman's Message, COMDEC 84 Committee, Reviewers, Table of Contents, Author Index.
Dependable Computing in Virtual Laboratories.
Web Services and Service-Oriented Architectures.
A Uniform Framework for Integrating Knowledge in Heterogeneous Knowledge Systems.
Analysis of Common Subexpression Exploitation Models in Multiple-Query Processing.
Synchronized Counting Method.
Integrating Functional and Data Modeling in a Computer Integrated Manufacturing System.
Title, Foreword, Message from your Honorary Chairperson, Foreword, Acknowledgements, Conference Overview, Table of Contents, Author Index.
User Interaction in the BANKS System.
QRS: A Robust Numbering Scheme for XML Documents.
Generalized Isolation Level Definitions.
An Air Index for Data Access over Multiple Wireless Broadcast Channels.
Flexible Relation: An Approach for Integrating Data from Multiple, Possibly Inconsistent Databases.
PIX: A System for Phrase Matching in XML Documents.
A Split Operator for Now-Relative Bitemporal Databases.
Web-Services Architecture for Efficient XML Data Exchange.
An Intuitive Framework for Understanding Changes in Evolving Data Streams.
XML Publishing: Look at Siblings too!
Towards Meaningful High-Dimensional Nearest Neighbor Search by Human-Computer Interaction.
Approximate Matching in XML.
On the Inverse Classification Problem and its Applications.
Modeling the Effect of Chip Failures on Cache Memory Systems.
Online Generation of Association Rules.
Scalable template-based query containment checking for web semantic caches.
Querying Text Databases for Efficient Information Extraction.
DBProxy: A dynamic data cache for Web applications.
Database Technologies for E- Commerce.
A Comparative Evaluation of Transparent Scaling Techniques for Dynamic Content Servers.
Alpha: An Extension of Relational Algebra to Express a Class of Recursive Queries.
Towards An Implementation of Database Management Systems with Temporal Support.
Supporting VLSI Geometry Operations in a Database System.
EShopMonitor: A Web Content Monitoring Tool.
Selectivity Estimation for Spatial Joins.
Sovereign Joins.
A Proposed Method for Creating VCR Functions using MPEG Streams.
Performance Characteristics of Protocols With Ordered Shared Locks.
SEOF: An Adaptable Object Prefetch Policy for Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Title, Acknowledgements, Committees, Conference Overview, Table of Contents, Author Index.
Extending Relational Database Systems to Automatically Enforce Privacy Policies.
The Constraint-Based Knowledge Broker System.
Object Versioning in Ode.
The Active Hypermedia Delivery System (AHYDS) using the PHASME Application-Oriented DBMS.
DBXplorer: A System for Keyword-Based Search over Relational Databases.
Clean Answers over Dirty Databases: A Probabilistic Approach.
Automating Layout of Relational Databases.
Dynamic Query Optimization in Rdb/VMS.
Moving Selections into Linear Least Fixpoint Queries.
Dynamic Optimization of Index Scans Restricted by Booleans.
The O++ Database Programming Language: Implementation and Experience.
Order Preserving Compression.
Composition of Database Relations.
Knowledge Mining by Imprecise Querying: A Classification-Based Approach.
Modeling Multidimensional Databases.
Generalizing ``Search'' in Generalized Search Trees (Extended Abstract).
A Framework for High-Accuracy Privacy-Preserving Mining.
Algorithms for Index-Assisted Selectivity Estimation.
Materialization and Incremental Update of Path Information.
An International Masters in Software Engineering: Experience and Prospects.
Taming Compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley Internal Controls Using Database Technology.
Approximating Aggregation Queries in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
An Access Structure for Generalized Transitive Closure Queries.
Extracting Structured Data from Web Pages.
Implementing P3P Using Database Technology.
Mining Sequential Patterns.
Efficient Processing of Proximity Queries for Large Databases.
ESQL: A Query Language for the Relation Model Supporting Image Domains.
Database Architectures for New Hardware.
A Distributed Database Server for Continuous Media.
Query Co-Processing on Commodity Hardware.
Fast Read-Only Transactions in Replicated Databases.
Efficient OLAP Query Processing in Distributed Data Warehouse.
Data Warehousing: Dealing with the Growing Pains.
Efficient Computation of Subqueries in Complex OLAP.
WebOQL: Restructuring Documents, Databases, and Webs.
The MD-join: An Operator for Complex OLAP.
Closest-Point-of-Approach Join for Moving Object Histories.
Adaptive Block Rearrangement.
Title, Acknowledgements, Committees, General Chairman's Message, Program Chair's Overview, Table of Contents, Author Index.
An Argument in Favour of Presumed Commit Protocol.
RDF Object Type and Reification in the Database.
Title, General Chairman's Message, Introduction, Acknowledgements, Table of Contents, Author Index.
Structural Joins: A Primitive for Efficient XML Query Pattern Matching.
QBISM: Extending a DBMS to Support 3D Medical Images.
A Rule-based Language for Deductive Object-Oriented Databases.
The Gold Mailer.
Queries in Object-Oriented Databases.
Design, Implementation and Evaluation of SCORE (a System for COntent based REtrieval of Pictures).
Threshold Similarity Queries in Large Time Series Databases.
Oracle8i - The XML Enabled Data Management System.
Design and Implementation of Display Specification for Multimedia Answers.
Performance Evaluation of Rule Semantics in Active Databases.
Index Support for Frequent Itemset Mining in a Relational DBMS.
Performance of Complex Queries in Main Memory Database Systems.
The Gold Text Indexing Engine.
The Personal Model of Data - Towards a Privacy Oriented Information System (Extended Abstract).
Efficient Incremental Validation of XML Documents.
A Feasibility and Performance Study of Dependency Inference.
Improving Logging and Recovery Performance in Phoenix/App.
A Compact Representation for File Versions: a preliminary report.
Measuring and Optimizing a System for Persistent Database Sessions.
Bill-of-Material Configuration Generation.
Recovery Guarantees for General Multi-Tier Applications.
XomatiQ: Living With Genomes, Proteomes, Relations and a Little Bit of XML.
Title, General Chairman's Message, Program Chairman's Message, Reviewers, Table of Contents, Author Index.
TheaterLoc: Using Information Integration Technology to Rapidly Build Virtual Applications.
OLE DB: A Component DBMS Architecture.
M(DM): An Open Framework for Interoperation of Multimodel Multidatabase Systems.
The Generalized Grid File: Description and Performance Aspects.
Symbolic Processing (Panel Abstract).
Distributed/Heterogeneous Query Processing in Microsoft SQL Server.
ODMG Update.
Join Index, Materialized View, and Hybrid-Hash Join: A Performance Analysis.
Streaming XPath Processing with Forward and Backward Axes.
Developing a DataBlade for a New Index.
Cyber Infrastructure for Informatics.
On Mixing Queries and Transactions via Multiversion Locking.
Implementing Relational Database Operations in a Cube-Connected Multicomputer System.
Compilation of Logic Programs to Implement Very Large Knowledge Base Systems - A Case Study: Educe*.
Pinwheel Scheduling for Fault-Tolerant Broadcast Disks in Real-time Database Systems.
Distributed Query Processing Optimization Objectives.
On Software and Hardware Techniques of Data Engineering.
Transactions in Distributed Shared Memory Systems.
A Fault Tolerant Replicated Storage System.
Handling Evolutions in Multidimensional Structures.
Knowledge Base Views in Multiuser Knowledge Based Systems.
A Cost Model and Index Architecture for the Similarity Join.
Title, General Co-Chairpersons' Message, Program Co-Chairpersons' Message, Committees, Reviewers, Table of Contents, Author Index.
Web Information Acquisition with Lixto Suite.
Bridging the XML Relational Divide with LegoDB.
Data Privacy through Optimal k-Anonymization.
From XML Schema to Relations: A Cost-Based Approach to XML Storage.
Constraint-Based Rule Mining in Large, Dense Databases.
Using Codewords to Protect Database Data from a Class of Software Errors.
Point-Versus Interval-Based Temporal Data Models.
Classification as a Query Processing Technique in the CANDIDE Semantic Data Model.
Quality-Aware and Load-Sensitive Planning of Image Similarity Queries.
A New Algorithm for Computing Joins with Grid Files.
The Gauss-Tree: Efficient Object Identification in Databases of Probabilistic Feature Vectors.
Extending RDBMSs To Support Sparse Datasets Using An Interpreted Attribute Storage Format.
ConQueSt: a Constraint-based Querying System for Exploratory Pattern Discovery.
Engineering a Fast Online Persistent Suffix Tree Construction.
Active XQuery.
Outstanding Challenges in OLAP.
Device Database Systems.
Generalized Version Control in an Object-Oriented Database.
The Skyline Operator.
Fuzzy Spatial Objects: An Algebra Implementation in SECONDO.
Attribute Inheritance Implemented on Top of a Relational Database System.
Tools to Enable Interoperation of Heterogeneous Databases.
A Performance Comparison of Two Architectures for Fast Transaction Processing.
Efficient Creation of Statistics over Query Expressions.
Mutual Consistency Maintenance in A Prototype Data Trafic Management System.
Semiorder Database for Complex Activity Recognition in Multi-Sensory Environments.
Navigation- vs. Index-Based XML Multi-Query Processing.
Report Generation Facility, A High-Level Interface for Coherent Access to Heterogeneous Database Systems.
ADT: A Toolkit for Development of Database-Centered Applications.
Developing Web Service.
Pragmatic Estimation of Join Sizes and Attribute Correlations.
An Exploratory Study of Ad Hoc Query Languages to Databases.
Processing Queries with Expensive Functions and Large Objects in Distributed Mediator Systems.
Update Propagation in Distributed Memory Hierarchy.
Every Click You Make, IWill Be Fetching It: Efficient XML Query Processing in RDMS Using GUI-driven Prefetching.
Title, Message from the General Chairperson, Message from the Program Chairperson, Committees, Referees, Table of Contents, Author Index.
Peering and Querying e-Catalog Communities.
Declarative Composition and Peer-to-Peer Provisioning of Dynamic Web Services.
VirGIS: Mediation for Geographical Information Systems.
Dynamic Query Scheduling in Data Integration Systems.
A Visual Tool for Managing Relational Databases.
Join Enumeration in a Memory-Constrained Environment.
On Interoperability for KBMS Applications - The Horizontal Integration Task.
Modeling Design Object Relationships in PEGASUS.
Title, Message from the General Chairs, Message from the Program Chairs, Committees, Reviewers, Author Index.
Independent Quantization: An Index Compression Technique for High-Dimensional Data Spaces.
An Efficient Database Storage Structure for Large Dynamic Objects.
Title, Message from the General Chairs, Message from the Program Chair, Committees, Reviewers, Author Index.
Fast Nearest Neighbor Search in High-Dimensional Space.
Using Java and CORBA for Implementing Internet Databases.
Indexing High-Dimensional Spaces: Database Support for Next Decade's Applications.
The Bulk Index Join: A Generic Approach to Processing Non-Equijoins.
Gambit: An Interactive Database Design Tool for Data Structures, Integrity Constraints and Transactions.
On the Application of Data Engineering to the Configuration Management of a Hybrid Simulator.
A High Performance Configurable Storage Manager.
Title, Table of Contents, General Chairs' Message, Program Chairs' Message, Reviewers, Committees, Author Index.
ODB-QOPTIMIZER: A Tool for Semantic Query Optimization in OODB.
Transactions in the Client-Server EOS Object Store.
Title, General Chairs' Message, Program Chairs' Message, In Memoriam, Committees, Referees, Author Index.
Design and Performance of an Assertional Concurrency Control System.
Practical Data Management Techniques for Vehicle Tracking Data.
Semantic Conditions for Correctness at Different Isolation Levels.
Read-Only Transactions in Partitioned Replicated Databases.
Meta Data Management.
Algebraic Optimization of Nested XPath Expressions.
An Indexing Technique for Object-Oriented Databases.
Full-fledged Algebraic XPath Processing in Natix.
Data Hiding and Security in Object-Oriented Databases.
BOSS: Browsing OPTICS-Plots for Similarity Search.
Indexing Constraint Databases by Using a Dual Representation.
Efficiently Supporting Multiple Similarity Queries for Mining in Metric Databases.
XJoin Index: Indexing XML Data for Efficient Handling of Branching Path Expressions.
Privacy and Ownership Preserving of Outsourced Medical Data.
Database Integration in a Distributed Heterogeneous Database System.
Speculative Data Dissemination and Service to Reduce Server Load, Network Traffic and Service Time in Distributed Information Systems.
Schema Matching using Duplicates.
Title, General Chairs' Message, Program Chairs' Message, Committees, Reviewers, Author Index.
Keyword Searching and Browsing in Databases using BANKS.
Efficient Processing of Outer Joins and Aggregate Functions.
Distributed Query Processing Strategies in Mermaid, A Frontend to Data Management Systems.
Experimental Evaluation of Concurrency Checkpointing and Rollback-Recovery Algorithms.
Comparison of Approximations of Complex Objects Used for Approximation-based Query Processing in Spatial Database Systems.
Implementation and Measurements of Efficient Communication Facilities for Distributed Database Systems.
Parallel Processing of Spatial Joins Using R-trees.
An Experimental Analysis of Replicated Copy Control During Site Failure and Recovery.
Que Sera, Sera: The Coincidental Confluence of Economics, Business, and Collaborative Computing.
A Model for Adaptable Systems for Transaction Processing.
Flattening an Object Algebra to Provide Performance.
Declustering Using Golden Ratio Sequences.
Techniques for Warehousing of Sample Data.
A Simple Analysis of the LRU Buffer Policy and Its Relationship to Buffer Warm-Up Transient.
FLYINGDOC: An Architecture for Distributed, User-friendly, and Personalized Information Systems.
Dynamic Access Control Framework Based On Events.
Improving Range Query Estimation on Histograms.
Designing and Evaluating an XPath Dialect for Linguistic Queries.
General Chair's Message, Program Co-Chairs' Message, Committees, Reviewers, Author Index.
Evaluating Top-k Queries over Web-Accessible Databases.
The XML Stream Query Processor SPEX.
SNAP: A Graphics-based Schema Manager.
Automating Statistics Management for Query Optimizers.
Time-Critical Database Scheduling: A Framework For Integrating Real-Time Scheduling and Concurrency Control.
Index Merging.
Building an Integrated Active OODBMS: Requirements, Architecture, and Design Decisions.
Efficient Evaluation of Queries with Mining Predicates.
Parallel Pointer-Based Join Algorithms in Memory-mapped Environments.
Storage and Retrieval of XML Data using Relational Databases.
Performance Comparisons of Distributed Deadlock Detection Algorithms.
Foundations of Automated Database Tuning.
A Language Multidatabase System Communication Protocol.
Titan: A High-Performance Remote Sensing Database.
Toward Scalability and Interoperability of Heterogeneous Information Sources.
Demonstration: Active Asynchronous Transaction Management in High-Autonomy Federated Environment Using Data Agents: Global Change Master Directory v8.0.
Representing and Querying Changes in Semistructured Data.
SWAT: Hierarchical Stream Summarization in Large Networks.
A Toolkit for Constraint Management in Heterogeneous Information Systems.
A Unified Framework for Monitoring Data Streams in Real Time.
Exploring Aggregate Effect with Weighted Transcoding Graphs for Efficient Cache Replacement in Transcoding Proxies.
Active Database Management of Global Data Integrity Constraints in Heterogeneous Database Environments.
Vectorizing and Querying Large XML Repositories.
On Local Pruning of Association Rules Using Directed Hypergraphs.
MAFIA: A Maximal Frequent Itemset Algorithm for Transactional Databases.
The Gemini Replicated File System Test-bed.
An Extension of Access Paths to Improve Joins and Selections.
A Functional Clustering Method for Optimal Access to Complex Domains in a Relational DBMS.
Declarative and Procedural Object-Oriented Views.
A Model for Optimizing Deductive and Object-Oriented DB Requests.
TP-Monitor-based Workflow Management System Architecture.
Relational Storage and Efficient Retrieval of Rules in a Deductive DBMS.
DaWaII: a Tool for the Integration of Autonomous Data Marts.
On the Signature Trees and Balanced Signature Trees.
An Attribute-Oriented Approach for Learning Classification Rules from Relational Databases.
On Incremental Cache Coherency Schemes in Mobile Computing Environments.
Global Integration of Visual Databases.
A Framework for Efficient IC/VLSI CAD Databases.
An Algebra for a Directional Binary Entity-Relationship Model.
An Executable Graphical Representation of Mediatory Information Systems.
A Bottom-up Query Evaluation Method for Stratified Databases.
A Generic Query-Translation Framework for a Mediator Architecture.
On the Design of Ordered Minimal Perfect Hashing Functions.
Data Allocation in a Dynamically Reconfigurable Environment.
Answering Regular Path Queries Using Views.
Query Answering Using Discovered Rules.
On the Interaction Between ISA and Cardinality Constraints.
Estimating Temporary Files Sizes in Distributed Relational Database Systems.
A Performance Model of Synchronization Mechanisms in a File System.
Stream Processing in Production-to-Business Software.
Stream Query Processing for Healthcare Bio-sensor Applications.
An Approach to Adaptive Memory Management in Data Stream Systems.
Improving Hash Join Performance through Prefetching.
Transaction Coordination for the New Millennium: SQL Server Meets OLE Transactions.
Integrating Heterogeneous OO Schemas.
Secure Mediated Databases.
An Algebraic Compression Framework for Query Results.
Learning from Aggregate Views.
Detection and Correction of Conflicting Source Updates for View Maintenance.
Generalized Pictorial Data Management.
A Transactional Nested Process Management System.
BEA Liquid Data for WebLogic: XML-Based Enterprise Information Integration.
Failure Handling for Transaction Hierarchies.
HAS, a Relational Algebra Operator or Divide is not Enough to Conquer.
PnP: Parallel And External Memory Iceberg Cubes.
A Descriptive Model of Physical Database Design Problems and Solutions.
Design and Evaluation of Alternative Selection Placement Strategies in Optimizing Continuous Queries.
ViteX: A Streaming XPath Processing System.
Assuring Security Properties in Third-party Architectures.
An Efficient XPath Query Processor for XML Streams.
Scalable Application-Aware Data Freshening.
Ad Hoc OLAP: Expression and Evaluation.
Distributed Heterogeneous Information Systems (Abstract).
Efficient Algorithms for Pattern Matching on Directed Acyclic Graphs.
A Buffer Management Model For Use In Predicting Overall Database System Performance.
E-Business Applications for Supply Chain Automation: Challenges and Solutions.
Inter-Enterprise Collaborative Business Process Management.
Semantic Dictionary Design for Database Interoperability.
Generalization and a Framework for Query Modification.
Constraint-Based Reasoning in Deductive Databases.
Panel on Business Process Intelligence.
New and Forgotten Dreams in Database Research (Panel).
iBOM: A Platform for Intelligent Business Operation Management.
A Data-Warehouse/OLAP Framework for Scalable Telecommunication Tandem Traffic Analysis.
A UNIX-Based Gist Specification Processor: The System Factory Experience.
FAST: A New Sampling-Based Algorithm for Discovering Association Rules.
Probe, Cluster, and Discover: Focused Extraction of QA-Pagelets from the Deep Web.
Counting Twig Matches in a Tree.
Subquery Elimination: A Complete Unnesting Algorithm for an Extended Relational Algebra.
Developing and Accessing Scientific Databases with the OPM Data Management Tools.
Comparing and Synthesizing Integrity Checking Methods for Deductive Databases.
Database Research: Lead, Follow, or Get Out of the Way? - Panel Abstract.
Design and Implementation of a Temporal Extension of SQL.
A Declarative Approach to Active Databases.
A Sampling-Based Estimator for Top-k Query.
The IDEA Tool Set.
Storing XML (with XSD) in SQL Databases: Interplay of Logical and Physical Designs.
Self-Adaptive User Profiles for Large-Scale Data Delivery.
A Data Model and Access Method for Summary Data Management.
Paradigm Shift to New DBMS Architectures: Research Issues and Market Needs.
Robust Cardinality and Cost Estimation for Skyline Operator.
Chain-Split Evaluation in Deductive Databases.
Dynamic Granular Locking Approach to Phantom Protection in R-Trees.
Overcoming Limitations of Sampling for Aggregation Queries.
The Hybrid Tree: An Index Structure for High Dimensional Feature Spaces.
Scalable Classification over SQL Databases.
Data Mining: Where is it Heading? (Panel).
Efficient Query Refinement in Multimedia Databases.
Selectivity Estimation for String Predicates: Overcoming the Underestimation Problem.
Closure-Tree: An Index Structure for Graph Queries.
Divide and Conquer: A Basis for Augmenting a Conventional Query Optimizer with Multiple Query Proceesing Capabilities.
A Primitive Operator for Similarity Joins in Data Cleaning.
Multiresolution Indexing of XML for Frequent Queries.
ECA Rule Integration into an OODBMS: Architecture and Implementation.
Future Directions in Database Research (Panel).
ECA Rule Support for Distributed Heterogeneous Environments.
SQLCM: A Continuous Monitoring Framework for Relational Database Engines.
Modeling Scientific Experiments with an Object Data Model.
Efficient Processing of Skyline Queries with Partially-Ordered Domains.
Selectivity Estimation Using Homogeneity Measurement.
Efficient Time Series Matching by Wavelets.
Multi-Scale Histograms for Answering Queries over Time Series Data.
Efficient Filtering of XML Documents with XPath Expressions.
Discovering Temporal Association Rules: Algorithms, Language and System.
Inferential Modelling Technique for Constructing Second Generation Knowledge Based Systems.
GPIVOT: Efficient Incremental Maintenance of Complex ROLAP Views.
Indexing OODB Instances based on Access Proximity.
Cache Management for Mobile Databases: Design and Evaluation.
Performance Analysis of Distributed Commit Protocols.
Efficient Batch Top-k Search for Dictionary-based Entity Recognition.
cgmOLAP: Efficient Parallel Generation and Querying of Terabyte Size ROLAP Data Cubes.
Implementing Calendars and Temporal Rules in Next Generation Databases.
Improving SQL with Generalized Quantifiers.
Parallel Computing with Distributed Shared Data.
Shared Cache - The Future of Parallel Databases.
Optimizing Queries with Materialized Views.
Raster-Spatial Data Declustering Revisited: An Interactive Navigation Perspective.
An Enhanced Query Model for Soccer Video Retrieval Using Temporal Relationships.
RDF/RDFS-based Relational Database Integration.
Determining Beneficial Semijoins for a Join Sequence in Distributed Query Processing.
Scheduling and Processor Allocation for Parallel Execution of Multi-Join Queries.
The Design and Implementation of a Full-Fledged Multiple DBMS.
Universal Temporal Extensions for Database Languages.
Data Integration by Describing Sources with Constraint Databases.
An Efficient Hybrid Join Algorithm: A DB2 Prototype.
Querying Imprecise Data in Moving Object Environments.
XML and DB2.
Change Tolerant Indexing for Constantly Evolving Data.
Profile-Driven Cache Management.
Optimizing Vote and Quorum Assignments for Reading and Writing Replicated Data.
The Grid Protocol: A High Performance Scheme for Maintaining Replicated Data.
Maintenance of Discovered Association Rules in Large Databases: An Incremental Updating Technique.
Architecture and Performance of Application Networking in Pervasive Content Delivery.
An Optimistic Concurrency Control Mechanism without Freezing for Distributed Database Systems.
An Efficient Algorithm for Mining Frequent Sequences by a New Strategy without Support Counting.
Partial Video Sequence Caching Scheme for VOD Systems with Heterogeneous Clients.
Papyrus: A History-Based VLSI Design Process Management System.
Design, Implementation, and Evaluation of a Repairable Database Management System.
A Fast Regular Expression Indexing Engine.
On the Selection of Optimal Index Configuration in OO Databases.
History-less Checking of Dynamic Integrity Constraints.
Skyline with Presorting.
NAPA: Nearest Available Parking Lot Application.
Supporting Keyword Columns with Ontology-based Referential Constraints in DBMS.
B+ Tree Indexes with Hybrid Row Identifiers in Oracle 8i.
Cost of Distributed Deadlock Detection: A Performance Study.
Data Engineering for Mobile and Wireless Access.
Mobile and Wireless Database Access for Pervasive Computing.
Approximate Data Collection in Sensor Networks using Probabilistic Models.
Using Type Inference and Induced Rules to Provide Intensional Answers.
Object Allocation in Distributed Systems with Virtual Replication.
Deferred Updates and Data Placement in Distributed Databases.
Scalable Parallel Query Server for Decision Support Applications.
Reverse Engineering for Web Data: From Visual to Semantic Structure.
PAC Nearest Neighbor Queries: Approximate and Controlled Search in High-Dimensional and Metric Spaces.
The Historical Relational Data Model (HRDM) and Algebra Based on Lifespans.
A Comparison of Parallel Approaches to data Representation and Data Transferral.
Detecting Changes in XML Documents.
Database Performance for Next Generation Telecommunications.
An Evaluation Scheme for Database Management Systems that are claimed to be Relational.
Finding Interesting Associations without Support Pruning.
Redbrick Vista: Aggregate Computation and Management.
NAOS Protyotype - Version 2.2.
Go Green: Recycle and Reuse Frequent Patterns.
XPlainer: An XPath Debugging Framework.
Approximate Aggregation Techniques for Sensor Databases.
Buffering Schemes for Permanent Data.
Cooperative Responses to Boolean Queries.
Fast Mining of Massive Tabular Data via Approximate Distance Computations.
Effective Computation of Biased Quantiles over Data Streams.
What's Different: Distributed, Continuous Monitoring of Duplicate-Resilient Aggregates on Data Streams.
Using Active Database Techniques For Real Time Engineering Applications.
Extending Object-Oriented Concepts to Support Engineering Applications.
Analysis of Multi-System Function Request Shipping.
A Vertical Partitioning Algorithm for Relational Databases.
Site Assignment for Relations and Join Operations in the Distributed Transaction Processing Environment.
Partitioning Ada Programs for Execution on Distributed Systems.
Efficient Query Subscription Processing in a Multicast Environment.
tbt Expert: A Case Study in Interating Expert System Technology with Computer Assisted Instruction.
Language Models for Information Retrieval.
A Dynamic Tree-Locking Protocol.
Aggregative Closure: An Extension of Transitive Closure.
Probabilistic Message Passing in Peer Data Management Systems.
Practical Lineage Tracing in Data Warehouses.
Lineage Tracing in a Data Warehousing System.
An Approach to Schema Integration and Query Formulation in Federated Database Systems.
Database Technology and Standards: Are we Getting Anywhere? (Panel Abstract).
Database Buffer Model for the Data Sharing Environment.
Modeling the Effects of Data and Resource Contention on the Performance of Optimistic Concurrency Control Protocols.
Database Access Characterization for Buffer Hit Prediction.
Locking Granularity in Multiprocessor Database Systems.
Optimization of Generalized Transitive Closure Queries.
A Spanning Tree Transitive Closure Algorithm.
Praire: A Rule Specification Framework for Query Optimizers.
QoSMig: Adaptive Rate-Controlled Migration of Bulk Data in Storage Systems.
Adaptive Broadcast Protocols to Support Power Conservant Retrieval by Mobile Users.
Lazy Database Replication with Ordering Guarantees.
Inferring a Serialization Order for Distributed Transactions.
A Natural Language Interface for Performing Database Updates.
Propagating XML Constraints to Relations.
WOL: A Language for Database Transformations and Constraints.
EDICT - An Enhanced Relational Data Dictionary: Architecture and Example.
Modeling Semantic Constraints with Logic in the EARL Data Model.
An Object-Oriented Conceptual Modeling of Video Data.
High-Performance, Space-Efficient, Automated Object Locking.
Locking in OODBMS Client Supported Nestd Transactions.
The Importance of Extensible Database Systems for E-Commerce.
Database Extensions for Complex Forms of Data (Abstract).
Database Extensions for Complex Domains
Data Flow Structures for System Specification and Implementation.
Performing Operations over Mismatched Domains.
Polyglot: Extensions to Relational Databases for Sharable Types and Functions in a Multi-Language Environment.
Media Asset Management: Managing Complex Data as a Re-Engineering Exercise.
Semantics-Based Multilevel Transaction Management in Federated Systems.
A Database Approach for Modeling and Querying Video Data.
An Object-Oriented Model for Capturing Data Semantics.
Automatic Validation of Object-Oriented Database Structures.
Reusing (Shrink Wrap) Schemas by Modifying Concept Schemas.
Object-Centered Constraints.
Bundles in Captivity: An Application of Superimposed Information.
Recursive Versus Iterative Schemes for Least Fix Point Computation in Logic Databases.
The Multi-Lingual Database System.
A Multi-Backend Database System for Performance Gains, Capacity Growth and Hardware Upgrade.
Surface k-NN Query Processing.
Operators for Expensive Functions in Continuous Queries.
HP-Inventing the Future of Storage.
Decoupled Query Optimization for Federated Database Systems.
The Design and Implementation of a Parallel Join Algorithm for Nested Relations on Shared-Memory Multiprocessors.
Exploiting Correlated Attributes in Acquisitional Query Processing.
Minimization and Group-By Detection for Nested XQueries.
YFilter: Efficient and Scalable Filtering of XML Documents.
ODDESSY: An Object-Oriented Database Design System.
ROCK & ROLL: A Deductive Object-Oriented Database with Active and Spatial Extensions.
Controlled Cooperation in Engineering Database Systems.
Data Redundancy and Duplicate Detection in Spatial Join Processing.
Efficiently Ordering Query Plans for Data Integration.
Collaborative Business Process Support in IHE XDS through ebXML Business Processes.
The MARIFlow Workflow Management System.
A Theory of Data: Implications for Information Retrieval.
Dynamic Histograms: Capturing Evolving Data Sets.
Merging Source Query Interfaces onWeb Databases.
The Nimble XML Data Integration System.
Maintaining Quasi Serializability in Multidatabase Systems.
An Efficient File Structure for Document Retrieval in the Automated Office Environment.
Enterprise Workflow Architecture.
SONET Configuration Management with OpenPM.
A Data Model for Requirements Analysis.
Data Organization and Access for Efficient Data Mining.
Sequenced Subset Operators: Definition and Implementation.
Generalized Events In Temporal Databases.
Valid-time Indeterminancy.
MoDB: Database System for Synthesizing Human Motion.
Design and Implementation of GORDION, an Object Base Management System.
Object Related Plus: A Practical Tool for Developing Enhanced Object Databases.
A Classification and Comparison of Main Memory Database Recovery Techniques.
A Polymorphic Relational Algebra and Its Optimization.
From Natural Language Requirements to good Data Base Definitions - A Data Base Design Methodology.
Incremental Maintenance of Materialized XQuery Views.
TAILOR: A Record Linkage Tool Box.
A Distributed Software Runtime Environment to Support Testbed Experimentation using ADL/ADS.
A Paradigm for Concurrency Control in Heterogeneous Distributed Database Systems.
Supporting Updates in Heterogeneous Distributed Database Systems.
Deadlock Detection Algorithms in Distributed Database Systems.
Partitioning of Time Index for Optical Disks.
Efficient Implementation Techniques For the Time Index.
Object Integration in Logical Database Design.
Fragmentation and Query Decomposition in the ECR Model.
A Temporal Model and Query Language for ER Databases.
Space-Partitioning Trees in PostgreSQL: Realization and Performance.
Privacy Preserving Query Processing Using Third Parties.
Preference-Driven Query Processing.
A Heuristic for Refresh Policy Selection in Heterogeneous Environments.
Authorization and Access Control in IRO-DB.
End-biased Samples for Join Cardinality Estimation.
The DC-Tree: A Fully Dynamic Index Structure for Data Warehouses.
Program Complexity and Programming Style.
Provable Security for Outsourcing Database Operations.
DOT: A Spatial Access Method Using Fractals.
The Design, Implementation, and Evaluation of an Object-Based Sharing Mechanism for Federated Database Systems.
GADT: A Probability Space ADT for Representing and Querying the Physical World.
A Tool for the Implementation of Databases.
Practical Issues for RDBMS Application Development.
SM3: A Dynamically Partitionable Multicomputer System with Switchable Main Memory Modules.
Range CUBE: Efficient Cube Computation by Exploiting Data Correlation.
Concentric Hyperspaces and Disk Allocation for Fast Parallel Range Searching.
Approximate Nearest Neighbor Searching in Multimedia Databases.
Techniques for Storing XM.
Optimizing Regular Path Expressions Using Graph Schemas.
Modeling File System Organizations in a Local Area Network Environment.
Similarity Search without Tears: The OMNI Family of All-purpose Access Methods.
A Rule-Based Query Rewriter in an Extensible DBMS.
Batched Processing for Information Filters.
System Design for Digital Media Asset Management.
Data Management Support of Web Applications.
A Graphical XML Query Language.
Database Research for the Current Millennium.
XML Query Processing.
Quantifying Complexity and Performance Gains of Distributed Caching in a Wireless Mobile Computing Environment.
A Log-Structured Organization for Tertiary Storage.
Access Invariance and Its Use in High Contention Environments.
Wait Depth Limited Concurrency Control.
MetaComm: A Meta-Directory for Telecommunications.
A Flexible Infrastructure for Gathering XML Statistics and Estimating Query Cardinality.
Teaching an OLTP Database Kernel Advanced Data Warehousing Techniques.
Communications Issues in Data Engineering: "Have Bandwidth - Will Move Data".
ADA/SQL: A Standard, Portable ADA-DBMS Interface.
Reference Model for Ada Interfaces to Database Management Systems.
FLORID: A Prototype for F-Logic.
Geometric-Similarity Retrieval in Large Image Bases.
Dynamic Miss-Counting Algorithms: Finding Implication and Similarity Rules with Confidence Pruning.
"My Personal Web": A Seminar on Personalization and Privacy for Web and Converged Services.
Top-Down Specialization for Information and Privacy Preservation.
Text Classification without Labeled Negative Documents.
Storage of Multidimensional Arrays Based on Arbitrary Tiling.
Data Logging: A Method for Efficient Data Updates in Constantly Active RAIDs.
Toward a Multihomogeneous Model for a Temporal Database.
Engineering Information Systems: Implementation Approaches and Issues.
A Time-based Distributed Optimistic Recovery and Concurrency Control Mechanism.
An Authorization System for Temporal Data.
OntoBuilder: Fully Automatic Extraction and Consolidation of Ontologies from Web Sources.
Voltaire: A Database Programming Language with a Single Execution Model for Evaluating Queries, Constraints amd Functions.
An Extensible Framework for Data Cleaning.
How to Extend a Conventional Optimizer to Handle One- and Two-Sided Outerjoin.
Adlib: A Self-Tuning Index for Dynamic P2P Systems.
An Analysis Technique for Transitive Closure Algorithms: A Statistical Approach.
Robust Identification of Fuzzy Duplicates.
DEMON: Mining and Monitoring Evolving Data.
Clustering Large Datasets in Arbitrary Metric Spaces.
Simultaneous Pipelining in QPipe: Exploiting Work Sharing Opportunities Across Queries.
Peer-to-Peer Data Management.
Achieving High Availability in Distributed Databases.
Safeguarding and Charging for Information on the Internet.
Capability-Sensitive Query Processing on Internet Sources.
A Structure Based Schema Integration Methodology.
ESQL2: An Object-Oriented SQL with F-Logic Semantics.
Predicate Trees: An Approach to Optimize Relational Query Operations.
Efficient Bulk Deletes in Relational Databases.
Parallel Computing: One Opportunity, Four Challenges.
Infrasturucture for Web-based Application Integration.
Querying the Past, the Present, and the Future.
Messaging/Queuing in Oracle8.
Applications for Expression Data in Relational Database System.
Database Applications Support in Open Systems: Language Concepts and Implementation Architectures.
MONDRIAN: Annotating and Querying Databases through Colors and Blocks.
Relative Prefix Sums: An Efficient Approach for Querying Dynamic OLAP Data Cubes.
Data Mining with Decision Trees.
Models and Methods for Privacy-Preserving Data Analysis and Publishing.
A Probability Model of Uncertainty in Data Bases.
Parallel Algorithms for Computing Temporal Aggregates.
A Structured Modeling Approach to Model Management System (Panel Position Abstract).
Transactional Workflow Management in Distributed Object Computing Environments.
Specification and Management of Extended Transactions in a Programmable Transaction Environment.
On Serializability of Multidatabase Transactions Through Forced Local Conflicts.
Managing Escalation of Collaboration Processes in Crisis Mitigation Situations.
Deriving Integrity Maintaining Triggers from Transition Graphs.
Automatic Probabilistic Knowledge Acquisition from Data.
A Multiuser Performance Analysis of Alternative Declustering Strategies.
Object Placement in Parallel Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Bulk Operations for Space-Partitioning Trees.
An Application of Statistical Databases in Manufacturing Testing.
Statistical Data Reduction for Manufacturing Testing.
Data Engineering for Intelligent Inference: Statistical Data.
Audio/Video Databases: An Object-Oriented Approach.
Mobile Data Management: Challenges of Wireless and Offline Data Access.
Clustering Aggregation.
A Version Management Method for Distributed Information.
On Denial-of-Service in Computer Networks.
SEED - A DBMS for Software Engineering Applications Based on the Entity-Relationship Approach.
A Descriptive Semantic Formalism for Medicine.
SCADDAR: An Efficient Randomized Technique to Reorganize Continuous Media Blocks.
Definition and Application of Metaclasses in an Object-Oriented Database Model.
Faster In-Network Evaluation of Spatial Aggregationin Sensor Networks.
The Constraint Database Framework: Lessons Learned from CQA/CDB.
Quorum-oriented Multicast Protocols for Data Replication.
Squeezing the Most out of Relational Database Systems.
Compressing Relations and Indexes.
Bloom Filter-based XML Packets Filtering for Millions of Path Queries.
Warehousing and Analyzing Massive RFID Data Sets.
Efficient Reordering of Prolog Programs.
enTrans: A Demonstration of Flexible Consistency Maintenance in Provisioning Systems.
Interfacing Parallel Applications and Parallel Databases.
Relaxed Index Consistency for a Client-Server Database.
XPath Query Evaluation: Improving Time and Space Efficiency.
Practical Adaptation to Changing Resources in Grid Query Processing.
Message from Demo Chairs.
Scheduling of Page Fetches in Join Operations Using Bc-Trees.
High-level Parallelism in a Database Cluster: A Feasibility Study Using Document Services.
Relational Division: Four Algorithms and Their Performance.
Sort-Merge-Join: An Idea Whose Time Has(h) Passed?
The Microsoft Relational Engine.
The New Database Imperatives.
B-Tree Indexes and CPU Caches.
The Volcano Optimizer Generator: Extensibility and Efficient Search.
Efficient Mining of Constrained Correlated Sets.
On Dual Mining: From Patterns to Circumstances, and Back.
Semantic Query Optimization for Object Databases.
Text Joins for Data Cleansing and Integration in an RDBMS.
Data Cube: A Relational Aggregation Operator Generalizing Group-By, Cross-Tab, and Sub-Total.
Rules of Thumb in Data Engineering.
An Implementation and Performance Analysis of Spatial Data Access Methods.
A Multi-Set Extended Relational Algebra - A Formal Approach to a Practical Issue.
Spatio-Temporal Databases in Practice: Directly Supporting Previously Developed Land Data Using Tripod.
Research Directions in Image Database Management (Panel).
A Pictorial Index Mechanism for Model-Based Matching.
READY: A High Performance Event Notification Service.
CORBA Notification Service: Design Challenges and Scalable Solutions.
PETRANET: a Power Efficient Transaction Management Technique for Real-Time Mobile Ad-hoc Network Databases.
Distributing Semantic Constraints Between Heterogeneous Databases.
Query Folding with Inclusion Dependencies.
Discovery and Application of Check Constraints in DB2.
A Uniform Indexing Scheme for Object-Oriented Databases.
Real Time Retrieval and Update of Materialized Transitive Closure.
Approximating a Data Stream for Querying and Estimation: Algorithms and Performance Evaluation.
Index-Based Approximate XML Joins.
Reasoning About Approximate Match Query Results.
ROCK: A Robust Clustering Algorithm for Categorical Attributes.
Energy-efficient Data Organization and Query Processing in Sensor Networks.
Query Processing Algorithms for Temporal Intersection Joins.
The Design of the Cell Tree: An Object-Oriented Index Structure for Geometric Databases.
Efficient Computation of Spatial Joins.
Spatial Database Indices for Large Extended Objects.
On the Evaluation of Recursion in (Deductive) Database Systems by Efficient Differential Fixpoint Iteration.
Efficient Inverted Lists and Query Algorithms for Structured Value Ranking in Update-Intensive Relational Databases.
An Association Algebra For Processing Object-Oriented Databases.
Junglee: Integrating Data of All Shapes and Sizes.
Towards Bringing Database Management Task in the Realm of IT non-Experts.
An Abstraction Mechanism for Modeling Generation.
Distributed Query Processing on the Web.
Virtual Database Technology.
Index Selection for OLAP.
Using Stream Semantics for Continuous Queries in Media Stream Processors.
Using vTree Indices for Queries over Objects with Complex Motions.
SECONDO: An Extensible DBMS Platform for Research Prototyping and Teaching.
Sampling-Based Selectivity Estimation for Joins Using Augmented Frequent Value Statistics.
Key-Sequential Access Methods for Very Large Files Derived from Linear Hashing.
Providing Database as a Service.
Driving Forces in Database Technology.
Schema Mediation in Peer Data Management Systems.
Modeling Transition.
Oracle Parallel Warehouse Server.
Nile: A Query Processing Engine for Data Streams.
The IDEAL Approach to Internet-Based Negotiation for E-Business.
THALIA: Test Harness for the Assessment of Legacy Information Integration Approaches.
Two-Level Caching of Composite Object Views of Relational Databases.
Efficient Mining of Partial Periodic Patterns in Time Series Database.
Some Performance Results on Recursive Query Processing in Relational Database Systems.
Prefetching Based on Type-Level Access Pattern in Object-Relational DBMSs.
Mining, Indexing, and Similarity Search in Graphs and Complex Structures.
Normalization of Linear Recursions in Deductive Databases.
Publish/Subscribe in NonStop SQL: Transactional Streams in a Relational Context.
Scalable Trigger Processing.
Hypermedia Database ``Himotoki'' and Its Applications.
DB-MAN: A Distributed Database System based on Database Migration in ATM Networks.
A Data Management System for Graphical Objects.
Evaluating Recursive Queries in CAD Using an Extended Projection Function.
Approximate Analysis of Real-Time Database Systems.
Password Authentication Based On Public-Key Distribution Cryptosystem.
Knowledge Discovery from Telecommunication Network Alarm Databases.
Multi-User View Integration System (MUVIS): An Expert System for View Integration.
Cache-Conscious Automata for XML Filtering.
Asymmetric Batch Incremental View Maintenance.
Towards Building a MetaQuerier: Extracting and Matching Web Query Interfaces.
Improving the Quality of Technical Data for Developing Case Based Reasoning Diagnostic Software for Aircraft Maintenance.
Object Views: Extending the Vision.
DCT - A Testbed Approach to Distributed Systems Research.
A Language for Specifying Functionality of Data Intensive Applications.
The CORD Appraoch to Extensible Concurrency Control.
Workflow and Process Synchronization with Interaction Expressions and Graphs.
SETH: A Quorum-Based Database System for Experimentation with Failures.
A Shared Conceptual Schema for Four Medical Expert Systems.
Computer Architectures, Database Security, and An Evaluation Metric.
Improving the Performance of Multi-Dimensional Access Structures Based on k-d-Trees.
The LSD-Tree: An Access Structure for Feature Vectors.
Web Information Retrieval.
Mapping XML and Relational Schemas with Clio.
Cluster Hull: A Technique for Summarizing Spatial Data Streams.
Preserving and Generating Objects in the LIVING IN A LATTICE Rule Language.
Processing Incremental Multidimensional Range Queries in a Direct Manipulation Visual Query.
A Regression Approach to Performance Analysis for the Differential File Architecture.
Scheduling and Data Replication to Improve Tape Jukebox Performance.
Performance Evaluation of Grid Based Multi-Attibute Record Declustering Methods.
HD-Eye - Visual Clustering of High dimensional Data.
An Industrial Perspective of Software Architecture.
Satellite Data Management for Effective Data Access.
A Pipeline and Parallel Architecture for Supporting Database Management Systems.
Implementation and Research Issues in Query Processing for Wireless Sensor Networks .
Using a Meta Model to Represent Object-Oriented Data Models.
A Run-Time Execution Model for Referential Integrity Maintenance.
Predicate-based Filtering of XPath Expressions.
Fast Approximate Similarity Search in Extremely High-Dimensional Data Sets.
Data fragmentation for parallel transitive closure strategies.
Set-Oriented Mining for Association Rules in Relational Databases.
Querying and Visualizing Gridded Datasets for e-Science.
Keyword Proximity Search on XML Graphs.
Database Systems as Controllers, Managers and Linguists - A Study of the Relationship of Database and Operating Systems.
Chained Declustering: A New Availability Strategy for Multiprocessor Database Machines.
Generic Computer Aided Software Engineering (CASE) Database Requirements.
Data Management in Delayed Conferencing (Abstract).
Object Allocation in Distributed Databases and Mobile Computers.
Unilateral Commit: A New Paradigm for Reliable Distributed Transaction Processing.
Efficient Discovery of Functional and Approximate Dependencies Using Partitions.
Distributed Rule Processing in Active Databases.
Mining Knowledge Rules from Databases: A Rough Set Approach.
Optimization Techniques for Data-Intensive Decision Flows.
Power Conservative Multi-Attribute Queries on Data Broadcast.
Rank-Aware Query Processing and Optimization.
Navigation Server: A Highly Parallel DBMS on Open Systems.
RDF Aggregate Queries and Views.
Proactive Caching for Spatial Queries in Mobile Environments.
PXML: A Probabilistic Semistructured Data Model and Algebra.
Efficient Evaluation of Traversal Recursive Queries Using Connectivity Index.
Object Skeletons: An Efficient Navigation Structure for Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Maintaining Data Cubes under Dimension Updates.
A Performance Evaluation of Load Balancing Techniques for Join Operations on Multicomputer Database Systems.
Improving RAID Performance Using a Multibuffer Technique.
Query Decomposition: A Multiple Neighborhood Approach to Relevance Feedback Processing in Content-based Image Retrieval.
Parallel Computation of Direct Transitive Closures.
Globally Order Preserving Multidimensional Linear Hashing.
Mining the Web for Generating Thematic Metadata from Textual Data.
The R-File: An Efficient Access Structure for Proximity Queries.
Broadcasting Dependent Data for Ordered Queries without Replication in a Multi-Channel Mobile Environment.
Speeding up View Maintenance Using Cheap Filters at the Warehouse.
Exactly-once Semantics in a Replicated Messaging System.
High-Availability Algorithms for Distributed Stream Processing.
Skyline Queries Against Mobile Lightweight Devices in MANETs.
Optimizing Access Cost for Top-k Queries over Web Sources: A Unified Cost-based Approach.
Integrated Query Processing Strategies for Spatial Path Queries.
Distributed Video Presentations.
A Termination Protocol for Simple Network Partitioning in Distributed Database Systems.
Estimating Bucket Accesses: A Practical Approach.
A Quorum-Based Commit and Termination Protocol for Distributed Database Systems.
Policies in a Resource Manager of Workflow Systems: Modeling, Enforcement and Management.
Distributed Evaluation of Continuous Equi-join Queries over Large Structured Overlay Networks.
A Competitive Dynamic Data Replication Algorithm.
Modeling and Managing Content Changes in Text Databases.
TRMeister: A DBMS with High-Performance Full-Text Search Functions.
Variable Length Queries for Time Series Data.
Semantically Consistent Schedules for Efficient and Concurrent B-Tree Restructuring.
ContextMetricsTM: Semantic and Syntactic Interoperability in Cross-Border Trading Systems.
Evolution of a Virtual Machine Supporting Fault-Tolerant Distributed Processes at a Research Laboratory.
HiTi Graph Model of Topographical Roadmaps in Navigation Systems.
Parallelism in Object-Oriented Query Processing.
A Knowledge-Based Approach to Design a Portable Natural Language Interface to Database Systems.
Efficient Algorithm for Projected Clustering.
The Qualitative Character of Intelligence.
Document Warehousing Based on a Multimedia Database System.
A Next Generation Industry Multimedia Database System.
The QUIQ Engine: A Hybrid IR DB System.
A Word-Parallel, Bit-Serial Signature Processor for Superimposed Coding.
An Extended Object-Oriented Database Approach to Networked Multimedia Applications.
Fast alignment of large genome databases.
Efficient Similarity Search in Large Databases of Tree Structured Objects.
A Flexible Transaction Model for Software Engineering.
Parallel Control Techniques for Dedicated Relational Database Engines.
Record Subtyping in Flexible Relations by Means of Attribute Dependencies.
Performance Characteristics of Epsilon Serializability with Hierarchical Inconsistency Bounds.
Navigation and Schema Transformations for Producing Nested Relations form Networks.
Failure Handling and Coordinated Execution of Concurrent Workflows.
Bottom-Up Evaluation of Logic Programs Using Binary Decision Diagrams.
A Novel Deadline Driven Disk Scheduling Algorithm for Multi-Priority Multimedia Objects.
System Issues in Parallel Sorting for Database Systems.
A Virtual Database Interface for Ada Applications.
UNIDOOR: a Deductive Object-Oriented Database Management System.
Global Information Systems.
Indexing for Dynamic Abstract Regions.
Spatial Search with Polyhedra.
Scalable Versioning in Distributed Databases with Commuting Updates.
Asynchronous Version Advancement in a Distributed Three-Version Database.
ItCompress: An Iterative Semantic Compression Algorithm.
VBI-Tree: A Peer-to-Peer Framework for Supporting Multi-Dimensional Indexing Schemes.
Evaluating Window Joins over Unbounded Streams.
Using 2-way Semijoins in Distributed Query Processing.
Out-of-the Box Data Engineering - Events in Heterogeneous Environments.
Efficient Storage of XML Data.
Content-based Multimedia Information Management.
Finding Fastest Paths on A Road Network with Speed Patterns.
Managing Replicated Files in Partitioned Distributed Database Systems.
Extending an Assumption Based Truth Maintenance System to Databases.
Mutual Consistency in Decentralized Distributed Systems.
Spatial Processing using Oracle Table Functions.
Integrating Static and Dynamic Voting Protocols To Enhance File Availability.
Distributed Office By Example (D-OBE).
DCbot: Exploring the Web as Value-Added Service for Location-Based Applications.
Decides: An Expert System Tool for Physical Database Design.
Imprecise and Uncertain Information in Databases: An Evidential Approach.
Using Coding to Support Data Resiliency in Distributed Systems.
What do you mean ``Null''? Turning Null Responses into Quality Responses.
Active Databases for Active Repositories.
Mapping a Version Model to a Complex-Object Data Model.
Query Planning with Limited Source Capabilities.
Automating the Design and Construction of Query Forms.
Object/Behavior Diagrams.
The Time Warp Mechanism for Database Concurrency Control.
A Framework for Declarative Updates and Constraint Maintenance in Object-Oriented Databases.
A Pipelined Framework for Online Cleaning of Sensor Data Streams.
Refined Triggering Graphs: A Logic-Based Approach to Termination Analysis in an Active Object-Oriented Database.
A Queueing Network Model for a Distributed Database Testbed System.
Locking Performance in a Shared Nothing Parallel Database Machine.
Partial Selection Query in Peer-to-Peer Databases.
SDDM - A Prototype of a Distributed Architecture for Database Security.
Network-Based Problem Detection for Distributed Systems.
Effective Density Queries on ContinuouslyMoving Objects.
Temporal Specialization.
Distinctiveness-Sensitive Nearest Neighbor Search for Efficient Similarity Retrieval of Multimedia Information.
Unification of Temporal Data Models.
ViewSystem: Integrating Heterogeneous Information Bases by Object-Oriented Views.
Lossy Reduction for Very High Dimensional Data.
On the Integration of Structure Indexes and Inverted Lists.
Out From Under the Trees.
Exploiting Local Similarity for Indexing Paths in Graph-Structured Data.
Precomputation in a Complex Object Environment.
Alternatives in Complex Object Representation: A Performance Perspective.
A Suitable Algorithm for Computing Partial Transitive Closures in Databases.
MIC Framework: An Information-Theoretic Approach to Quantitative Association Rule Mining.
I/O-Efficiency of Shortest Path Algorithms: An Analysis.
Multilevel Secure Database Concurrency Control.
NFMi: An Inter-domain Network Fault Management System.
A Publish & Subscribe Architecture for Distributed Metadata Management.
A Friendly Logical Database Design Tool for the Humming-Bird System.
Similarity Search in Multimedia Databases.
XR-Tree: Indexing XML Data for Efficient Structural Joins.
Supporting Data Mining of Large Databases by Visual Feedback Queries.
XParent: An Efficient RDBMS-Based XML Database System.
Electronic Catalogs - Panel.
Knowledge Discovery from Transportation Network Data.
SEMCOG: A Hybrid Object-based Image Database System and Its Modeling, Language, and Query Processing.
SQL to XQuery Translation in the AquaLogic Data Services Platform.
A Version Numbering Scheme with a Useful Lexicographical Order.
Systematic Approach for Optimizing Complex Mining Tasks on Multiple Databases.
Approaches for Updating Databases With Incomplete Information and Nulls.
Analyzing Range Queries on Spatial Data.
Implementation of Multi-Key Extendible Hashing as an Access Method for a Relational DBMS.
New Sampling-Based Estimators for OLAP Queries.
The Transition from Data Management to Knowledge Management.
An Adaptive and Efficient Dimensionality Reduction Algorithm for High-Dimensional Indexing.
Managing Data Mappings in the Hyperion Project.
OntoWebber: A Novel Approach for Managing Data on the We.
Adaptable Pointer Swizzling Strategies in Object Bases.
Efficient Discovery of Emerging Frequent Patterns in ArbitraryWindows on Data Streams.
The Role of Loose Coupling in Expert Database System Architectures.
Judgmental-Knowledge Bases: Problem Solving and Expert Systems.
Databases for Ambient Intelligence.
A Method for Transforming Relational Schemas Into Conceptual Schemas.
Query Optimization Strategies for Browsing Sessions.
Coarse Indices for a Tape-Based Data Warehouse.
Component Aggregation: A Mechanism for Organizing Efficient Engineering Databases.
A Probabilistic XML Approach to Data Integration.
An XML Indexing Structure with Relative Region Coordinate.
Design and Evaluation of Disk Scheduling Policies for High-Demand Multimedia Servers.
A Messaging-Based Architecture for Enterprise Application Integration.
A Query Processing Strategy for the Decomposed Storage Model.
A Knowledge-Based Subsystem for a Natural Language Interface to a Database that Predicts and Explains Query Failures.
Parallel Query Processing for Complex Objects.
Materialized Sample Views for Database Approximation.
Joining Massive High-Dimensional Datasets.
An Agent-Based Approach to Extending the Native Active Capability of Relational Database Systems.
Super-Fast XML Wrapper Generation in DB2: A Demonstration.
Querying XML data sources in DB2: the XML Wrapper.
Join Strategies on KB-Tree Indexed Relations.
Compiling a Rule Database Program into a C/SQL Application.
Implementing Logic Programs as a Database System.
Operations and Implementation of Complex Objects.
Improving Performance of Cluster-based Secure Application Servers with User-level Communication.
Cyclic Query Processing in Object-Oriented Databases.
SQUIRE: Sequential Pattern Mining with Quantities.
An Index-Based Approach for Similarity Search Supporting Time Warping in Large Sequence Databases.
Enhancing the Object-Oriented Concepts for Database Support.
A Persistent Hyper-Programming System.
Cooperative Problem Solving Using Database Conversations.
CADETT: Computer Aided Design and Engineering Tool for Toyota.
Post-crash Log Processing for Fuzzy Checkpointing Main Memory Databases.
Functional Disk System for Relational Database.
Real-Time Data Access Control on B-Tree Index Structures.
Batched Interpolation Searching on Databases.
Query Execution for Large Relations on Functional Disk Systems.
Automatic Logical Navigation Among Relations Using Steiner Trees.
Performance Evaluation of Functional Disk System (FDS-R2).
RelaxImage: A Cross-Media Meta-Search Engine for Searching Images from Web Based on Query Relaxation.
Exploring Semantics in Aggregation Hierarchies for Object-Oriented Databases.
Parallel GRACE Hash Join on Shared-Everything Multiprocessor: Implementation and Performance Evaluation on Symmetry S81.
Multicasting a Changing Repository.
The Software Architecture of a Parallel Processing System for Advanced Database Applications.
A Priority Ceiling Protocol with Dynamic Adjustment of Serialization Order.
Recursive Data Models for Non-Conventional Database Applications.
Industrial Experience.
Computing Temporal Aggregates.
Deterministic Semantics of Set-Oriented Update Sequences.
Infobusiness Issues in ROC.
VLEI code: An Efficient Labeling Method for Handling XML Documents in an RDB.
Physical Database Design for Data Warehouses.
Query Routing in Large-Scale Digital Library Systems.
Efficient Indexing Structures for Mining Frequent Patterns.
Overview of Tools for Knowledge Base Construction.
Efficient Support of Historical Queries for Multiple Lines of Evolution.
Improving the Differential File Technique via Batch Operations for Tree Structured File Organizations.
Discovery of High-Dimensional.
A Graphical Editor for the Conceptual Design of Business Rules.
The Manger's Assistant, an Application of Knowledge Management.
Modeling Business Rules with Situation/Activation Diagrams.
An Efficient Approximation Scheme for Data Mining Tasks.
Data Reduction by Partial Preaggregation.
Indexing Techniques for Historical Databases.
The Forms Pattern Language.
Rapid Software Development in a Database Framework - A Case Study.
Browsing Unstructured Data.
Scalable Exploration of Physical Database Design.
MTCache: Transparent Mid-Tier Database Caching in SQL Server.
W3QS - A System for WWW Querying.
A Cost-effective Near-line Storage Server for Multimedia System.
Performance Comparison of Resilent Concurrency Control Algorithms for Distributed Databases.
Deleted Tuples are Useful when Updating through Universal Scheme Interfaces.
Updating Intensional Predicates in Deductive Databases.
Fractal Modeling of IP Network Traffic at Streaming Speeds.
Complements for Data Warehouses.
Long-Duration Transactions in Software Design Projects.
A Propagation Mechanism for Populated Schema Versions.
Parallel Processing of Relational Databases on a Cellular Tree Machine.
Using Unity to Semi-Automatically Integrate Relational Schema.
The Application of a Geometric Arithmetic Parallel Systolic Array Processor to Database Machine Design.
Capturing Sensor-Generated Time Series with Quality Guarantees.
Incorporating Updates in Domain Indexes: Experiences with Oracle Spatial R-trees.
Approximate Selection Queries over Imprecise Data.
Snapshot Queries: Towards Data-Centric Sensor Networks.
Programming Language Support for Read-Time Distributed Systems.
Updates Through Views: A New Hope.
Mondrian Multidimensional K-Anonymity.
Representation and Querying in Temporal Databases: the Power of Temporal Constraints.
LDC: Enabling Search By Partial Distance In A Hyper-Dimensional Space.
Multidimensional Timestamp Protocols for Concurrency Control.
Routing XML Queries.
An Efficient Object-based Algorithm for Spatial Searching, Insertion and Deletion.
Data Stream Query Processing.
Workload Balance and Page Access Scheduling For Parallel Joins In Shared-Nothing Systems.
High Dimensional Similarity Joins: Algorithms and Performance Evaluation.
Optimal Index and Data Allocation in Multiple Broadcast Channels.
Declustering Techniques for Parallelizing Temporal Access Structures.
Similarity Search for Multidimensional Data Sequences.
Personalization of Queries in Database Systems.
Index Hint for On-demand Broadcasting.
Personalized Queries under a Generalized Preference Model.
A Temporal Algebra for an ER-Based Temporal Data Model.
Précis: The Essence of a Query Answer.
Towards Eliminating Random I/O in Hash Joins.
Semantic Query Optimization in Recursive Databases.
Tape-Disk Join Strategies under Disk Contention.
Protocol Verification Using Relational Database Systems.
Distance-Associated Join Indices for Spatial Range Search.
Efficient Execution of Computation Modules in a Model with Massive Data.
Semantic Query Reformulation in Deductive Databases.
SAP Business Information Warehouse - From Data Warehousing to an E-business Platform.
Differential Logging: A Commutative and Associative Logging Scheme for Highly Parallel Main Memory Databases.
ViEWNet: Visual Exploration of Region-Wide Traffic Networks.
Data Warehouse Evolution: Trade-Offs between Quality and Cost of Query Rewritings.
An Object-Oriented Approach to Data/Knowledge Modeling Based on Logic.
Multidimensional Dynamic Quantile Hashing is Very Efficient for Non-Uniform Record Distributions.
A Partitioned Signature File Structure for Multiattribute and Text Retrieval.
PLOP-Hashing: A Grid File without Directory.
Improving Data Accessibility For Mobile Clients Through Cooperative Hoarding.
Processing of Multiple Queries in Distributed Databases.
Recursive XML Schemas, Recursive XML Queries, and Relational Storage: XML-to-SQL Query Translation.
On Semantic Query Optimization in Deductive Databases.
Buffer and Load Balancing in Locally Distributed Database Systems.
XML Views as Integrity Constraints and their Use in Query Translation.
Pushing Semantics Inside Recursion: A General Framework for Semantic Optimization of Recursive Queries.
Mining Partially Periodic Event Patterns with Unknown Periods.
Distributed Query Optimization: An Engineering Approach.
Limiting Factors of Join Performance on Parallel Processors.
Propagating Updates in a Highly Replicated Database.
On Query Spreadsheets.
RBE: Rendering By Example.
Knowledge-Based Handling of Design Expertise.
Towards an Industrial Strength SQL/XML Infrastructure.
Nearest Surrounder Queries.
MAPLE: A Mobile Scalable P2P Nearest Neighbor Query System for Location-based Services.
Discovering Database Summaries through Refinements of Fuzzy Hypotheses.
NeT & CoT: Inferring XML Schemas from Relational World.
An Object-based Query Evaluation Scheme for Deductive Databases in Massively Parallel Computing Environment.
Filter Based Directory Replication and Caching: Algorithms and Performance.
DSI: A Fully Distributed Spatial Index for Wireless Data Broadcast.
An Analysis of Borrowing Policies for Escrow Transactions in a Replicated Data Environment.
Enabling Communities of Knowledge Workers.
Performance Measurement of Some Main Memory Database Recovery Algorithms.
DB2 LOBs: The Teenage Years.
Low Overhead Optimal Checkpointing for Mobile Distributed Systems.
fAST Refresh using Mass Query Optimization.
A Database for Storage and Fast Retrieval of Structure Data.
Processing Reporting Function Views in a Data Warehouse Environment.
On Pushing Multilingual Query Operators into Relational Engines.
Clustering Association Rules.
LexEQUAL: Supporting Multilexical Queries in SQL.
Covering and Disjointness Constraints in Type Networks.
Using Object-Oriented Principles to Optimize Update Propagation to Materialized Views.
Concurrent Robust Checkpointing and Recovery in Distributed Systems.
IBM DB2 Everyplace: A Small Footprint Relational Database System.
Buffer and I/O Resource Pre-allocation for Implementing Batching and Buffering Techniques for Video-on-Demand Systems.
Query Processing for Temporal Databases.
OSSM: A Segmentation Approach to Optimize Frequency Counting.
STR: A Simple and Efficient Algorithm for R-Tree Packing.
The Effect of Buffering on the Performance of R-Trees.
Incremental Restart.
Building A Robust Workflow Management System With Persistent Queues and Stored Procedures.
Load and Network Aware Query Routing for Information Integration.
Characterizing and Exploiting Reference Locality in Data Stream Applications.
Mining Evolving Customer-Product Relationships in Multi-Dimensional Space.
Efficient Processing of Updates in Dynamic XML Data.
An Estimation System for XPath Expressions.
RACCOON: A Peer-Based System for Data Integration and Sharing.
Spectral Analysis of Text Collection for Similarity-based Clustering.
Efficient Sequenced Integrity Constraint Checking.
HierarchyScan: A Hierarchical Similarity Search Algorithm for Databases of Long Sequences.
Load Balancing for Multi-tiered Database Systems through Autonomic Placement of Materialized Views.
An Optimized Multicast-based Data Dissemination Middleware.
Incremental Protocol Verfication Using Deductive Database Systems.
High Dimensional Similarity Search With Space Filling Curves.
SIREN: A Memory-Conserving, Snapshot-Consistent Checkpoint Algorithm for in-Memory Databases.
File Allocation on Homogeneous Local Computer Systems with Two-Level Multiaccess Networks.
Parallelizing Loops in Database Programming Languages.
The Ode Active Database: Trigger Semantics and Implementation.
Quasi-Partitioning: A New Paradigm for Transaction Execution in Partitioned Distributed Database Systems.
An Automated Change Detection Algorithm for HTML Documents Based on Semantic Hierarchies.
Entity Identification in Database Integration.
Resolving Attribute Incompatibility in Database Integration: An Evidential Reasoning Approach.
Mining Association Rules: Anti-Skew Algorithms.
Continuously Maintaining Quantile Summaries of the Most Recent N Elements over a Data Stream.
MiniCount: Efficient Rewriting of COUNT-Queries Using Views.
Stabbing the Sky: Efficient Skyline Computation over Sliding Windows.
Logical Database Design with Inclusion Dependencies.
An Evaluation of Sampling-Based Size Estimation Methods for Selections in Database Systems.
Constructorset's Database Support for Knowledge Based Systems.
Non First Normal Form Relations and Recursive Queries: An SQL-Based Approach.
Multimedia Object Models for Synchronisation and Databases.
MALPHA: A Relational Multidatabase Manipulation Language.
The Bounded Disorder Access Method.
Algebraic Signatures for Scalable Distributed Data Structures.
Dynamic Attributes in the Multidatabase System MRDSM.
A Distributed Query Processing Strategy Using Placement Dependency.
Efficient Theme and Non-Trivial Repeating Pattern Discovering in Music Databases.
Top-Down Mining of Interesting Patterns from Very High Dimensional Data.
Modeling Uncertainties in Publish/Subscribe Systems.
Multivariate Time Series Prediction via Temporal Classification.
A Probabilistic Approach to Metasearching with Adaptive Probing.
Effect of Update Merging on Reliable Storage Performance.
Confirmation: A Solution for Non-Compensatability in Workflow Applications.
Methodical Restructuring of Complex Workflow Activities.
XWRAP: An XML-Enabled Wrapper Construction System for Web Information Sources.
Cost-Driven General Join View Maintenance over Distributed Data Sources.
On Representing Indefinite and Maybe Information in Relational Databases.
On Representing Indefinite and Maybe Information in Relational Databases: A Generalization.
A Similarity Graph-Based Approach to Declustering Problems and Its Application towards Paralleling Grid Files.
Query Processing in a Video Retrieval System.
ROL: A Prototype for Deductive and Object-Oriented Databases (Demo).
Data Mining Techniques for Microarray Datasets.
Natural Joins in Relational Databases with Indefinite and Maybe Information.
Polymorphic Reuse Mechanisms for Object-Oriented Database Specifications.
LB-Index: A Multi-Resolution Index Structure for Images.
Do semantically equivalent SQL queries perform differently?
Simple, Robust and Highly Concurrent B-trees with Node Deletion.
Database Kernel Research: What, if anything, is left to do?
Persistent Applications Using Generalized Redo Recovery.
Transaction Time Support Inside a Database Engine.
A Robust Multi-Attribute Search Structure.
Regeneration Protocols for Replicated Objects.
DBA Companion: A Tool for Logical Database Tuning.
Content-based Three-dimensional Engineering Shape Search.
Data Cleaning and XML: The DBLP Experience.
AITVS: Advanced Interactive Traffic Visualization System.
Design and Evaluation of Algorithms to Compute the Transitive Closure of a Database Relation.
What Makes the Differences: Benchmarking XML Database Implementations.
Model-Based Mediation with Domain Maps.
Web Service Composition Through Declarative Queries: The Case of Conjunctive Queries with Union and Negation.
A Brief Overview of LILOG-DB.
Data Engineering for Intelligent Inference (Panel Abstract).
Estimating XML Structural Join Size Quickly and Economically.
A Non-Blocking Parallel Spatial Join Algorithm.
A Comparison of Three Methods for Join View Maintenance in Parallel RDBMS.
Increasing the Accuracy and Coverage of SQL Progress Indicators.
Function Proxy: Template-Based Proxy Caching for Table-Valued Functions.
HiWaRPP - Hierarchical Wavelet-based Retrieval on Peer-to-Peer Network.
GODIVA: Lightweight Data Management for Scientific Visualization Applications.
Introduction to the Panel on Query Optimization.
Reasoning by Analogy in Knowledge Base Systems.
l-Diversity: Privacy Beyond k-Anonymity.
Fjording the Stream: An Architecture for Queries Over Streaming Sensor Data.
Corpus-based Schema Matching.
An Expert System Interface and Data Requirements for the Integrated Product Design and Manufacturing Process.
Are We Moving Toward an Information SuperHighway or a Tower of Babel? The Challenge of Large-Scale Semantic Heterogeneity.
Grouping Techniques for Update Propagation in Intermittently Connected Databases.
Representing Roles in Universal Scheme Interfaces.
A Production Rule-Based Approach to Deductive Databases.
Using XML in Relational Database Applications (Abstract).
Bypass Caching: Making Scientific Databases Good Network Citizens.
Configurable Security Protocols for Multi-party Data Analysis with Malicious Participants.
Composition and Disclosure of Unlinkable Distributed Databases.
Predicate Derivation and Monotonicity Detection in DB2 UDB.
File Sessions: A Technique and its Application to the UNIX File System.
Automating Fine Concurrency Control in Object-Oriented Databases.
Interactive Manipulation of Object-oriented Views.
Similarity Search in Sets and Categorical Data Using the Signature Tree.
Efficient Aggregation of Ranked Inputs.
An Overview of the Object-Oriented Functional Data Language.
Finding (Recently) Frequent Items in Distributed Data Streams.
Inclusion Dependencies in Database Design.
Approximate Query Answering with Frequent Sets and Maximum Entropy.
Matching Techniques in Global Schema Design.
XQuery Midflight: Emerging Database-Oriented Paradigms and a Classification of Research Advances.
Integrating Unstructured Data into Relational Databases.
Adaptive Processing of Top-K Queries in XML.
Processing Operations with Restrictions in RDBMS without External Sorting: The Tetris Algorithm.
Representing Processes in the Extended Entity-Relationship Model.
Problems Underlying the Use of Referential Integrity in Relational Database Management Systems.
A Relation Merging Technique for Relational Databases.
Incremental Restructuring of Relational Schemas.
Object Queries over Relational Databases: Language, Implementation, and Applications.
Catalog Integration Made Easy.
Uncovering Database Access Optimizations in the Middle Tier with TORPEDO.
Delegation: Efficiently Rewriting History.
t-Synopses: A System for Run-Time Management of Remote Synopses.
A ``Greedy'' Approach to the Write Problem in Shadowed Disk Systems.
Flow Sketch Methodology: A Practical Requirements Definition Technique Based on Data Flow Concept.
Efficient Storage and Retrieval of Very Large Document Databases.
Database Structure and Discovery Tools for Integrated Circuit Reliability Evaluation.
Nested Queries and Quantifiers in an Ordered Context.
A Trace-Based Simulation of Pointer Swizzling Techniques.
Data Integration by Bi-Directional Schema Transformation Rules.
Integrating Data from Disparate Sources: A Mass Collaboration Approach.
Issues in Distributed Artificial Intelligence.
The Design and Experimental Evaluation of an Information Discovery Mechanism for Networks of Autonomous Database Systems.
Priority Mechanisms for OLTP and Transactional Web Applications.
Improving Preemptive Prioritization via Statistical Characterization of OLTP Locking.
ActionWorkflow in Use: Clark County Department of Business License.
A Multiresolution Symbolic Representation of Time Series.
Feature-Based Retrieval of Similar Shapes.
Batch Scheduling in Parallel Database Systems.
Similarity Flooding: A Versatile Graph Matching Algorithm and Its Application to Schema Matching.
SQL3 Update.
SG-WRAP: A Schema-Guided Wrapper Generato.
Estimating the Usefulness of Search Engines.
SG-WRAM Schema Guided Wrapper Maintenance.
Processing Hierarchical Queries in Heterogeneous Environment.
Construction of a Relational Front-end for Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Performance Analysis of Several Algorithms for Processing Joins between Textual Attributes.
A Tightly-Coupled Architecture for Data Mining.
Visual Querying and Exploration of Large Answers in XML Databases with X2.
The Delay/Re-Read Protocol for Concurrency Control in Databases.
Structuring Knowledge Bases Using Automatic Learning.
Version-Based Access Capabilities for Concurrency Control of a Database System.
A Controllable Prolog Database System.
An Algorithmic Basis for Integrating Production Systems and Large Databases.
SQL/XNF - Processing Composite Objects as Abstractions over Relational Data.
Database Managed External File Update.
Cross-Program Simulator for any Microprocessors.
Conflict-driven Load Control for the Avoidance of Data-Contention Thrashing.
Towards More Flexible Schema Management in Object Bases.
Fast Ranking in Limited Space.
Application Servers and Associated Technologies.
ARIES-RRH: Restricted Repeating of History in the ARIES Transaction Recovery Method.
ARIES/LHS: A Concurrency Control and Recovery Method Using Write-Ahead Logging for Linear Hashing with Separators.
Disk Read-Write Optimizations and Data Integrity in Transaction Systems Using Write-Ahead Logging.
ACXESS - Access Control for XML with Enhanced Security Specifications.
Algorithms for the Management of Remote Backup Data Bases for Disaster Recovery.
Scalable Multimedia Disk Scheduling.
Spectral LPM: An Optimal Locality-Preserving Mapping using the Spectral (not Fractal) Order.
Hash-Merge Join: A Non-blocking Join Algorithm for Producing Fast and Early Join Results.
Parallel Control Technique and Performance of an MPPM Knowledge-Base Machine.
A Transaction Transformation Approach to Active Rule Processing.
Scalable Algorithms for Large Temporal Aggregation.
Duality-Based Subsequence Matching in Time-Series Databases.
A Groupware Benchmark Based on Lotus Notes.
A Machine Learning Approach to Rapid Development of XML Mapping Queries.
A Frequency-based Approach for Mining Coverage Statistics in Data Integration.
Adapting a Generic Match Algorithm to Align Ontologies of Human Anatomy.
Extracting Objects from the Web.
Exploiting Parallelism in the Implementation of Agna, a Persistent Programming System.
Towards a Data Model for Artificial Intelligence Applications.
Efficient Continuous Skyline Computation.
Bitmap-Tree Indexing for Set Operations on Free Text.
An Extensible Object-Oriented Database Testbed.
Scaling Clustering Algorithms for Massive Data Sets using Data Streams.
Semantic Brokering over Dynamic Heterogeneous Data Sources in InfoSleuth.
The Correctness of Concurrency Control for Multiversion Database Systems with Limited Number of Versions.
Database Technology for Internet Applications (Abstract).
Finer Grained Concurrency for the Database Cache.
Business Process Management Systems.
Assuring Retrievability from Unstructured Databases by Contexts.
Counting at Large: Efficient Cardinality Estimation in Internet-Scale Data Networks.
An Access Authorization Model for Relational Databases Based on Algebraic Manipulation of View Definitions.
Streaming-Data Algorithms for High-Quality Clustering.
OCAM: A Collaborative System for Multimedia Applications.
Optimizer and Parallel Engine Extensions for Handling Expensive Methods Based on Large Objects.
Database Recovery Using Redundant Disk Arrays.
Multiple Query Optimization by Cache-Aware Middleware Using Query Teamwork.
The Multikey Type Index for Persistent Object Sets.
Transaction Modeling.
Automating the Assembly of Presentations from Multimedia Databases.
ZEBRA Image Access System.
Data Warehousing Lessons From Experience (Panel).
Bootstrapping Semantic Annotations for Content-Rich HTML Documents.
Relational Database Compression Using Augmented Vector Quantization.
Summary-Table-By-Example: A Database Query Language for Manipulating Summary Data.
Mixing Querying and Navigation in MIX.
Measuring the Effect of Data Distribution and Replication Models on Performance Evaluation of Distributed Database Systems.
Evolutionary Database Design.
A Heuristic Algorithm for Determining a Near-optimal Set of Nodes to Access in a Partially Replicated Distributed Database System.
Runtime Data Declustering over SAN-Connected PC Cluster System.
Tuning an SQL-Based PDM System in a Worldwide Client/Server Environment.
Superdatabases for Composition of Heterogeneous Databases.
Processor Scheduling for Multiprocessor Joins.
Concurrency Control of Bulk Access Transactions on Shared Nothing Parallel Database Machines.
Execution Plan Balancing.
Scheduling Batch Transactions on Shared-Nothing Parallel Database Machines: Effects of Concurrency and Parallelism.
Supporting Ancillary Values from User Defined Functions in Oracle.
A New Tree Type Data Structure with Homogeneous Nodes Suitable for a Very Large Spatial Database.
Superimposed Applications using SPARCE.
Atomic Commitment for Integrated Database Systems.
Semantic Concurrency Control in Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Integrating Light-Weight Workflow Management Systems within Existing Business Environments.
Relational Joins for Data on Tertiary Storage.
Auditory Browsing for Acquisition of Information in Cyberspace.
Leveraging Mediator Cost Models with Heterogeneous Data Sources.
Relational Databases with Exclusive Disjunctions.
A Transparent Object-Oriented Schema Change Approach Using View Evolution.
An Approximation Algorithm for the Physical Access Path Selection in the CODASYL Environment.
Active Customization of GIS User Interfaces.
Using Smodels (Declarative Logic Programming) to Verify Correctness of Certain Active Rules.
Maintenance of Materialized Views of Sampling Queries.
Sampling from Spatial Databases.
A High-speed Morpheme-Extraction System Using Dictionary Database.
An Evaluation of Regular Path Expressions with Qualifiers against XML Streams.
Performance Analysis of Parallel Hash Join Algorithms on a Distributed Shared Memory Machine: Implementation and Evaluation on HP Exemplar SPP 1600.
Concurrent Storage Structure Conversion: from B+ Tree to Linear Hash File.
Concurrent File Reorganization for Record Clustering: A Performance Study.
Database Management System Requirements for Software Engineering Environments.
Architecture and Algorithm for Parallel Execution of a Join Operation.
A Locking Scheme for Associative Retrieval.
Interval Assignment for Periodic Transactions in Real-Time Database Systems.
Extending a DBMS for Geographic Applications.
Answering Imprecise Queries over Autonomous Web Databases.
Advanced Process-Based Component Integration in Telcordia's Cable OSS.
Bringing the Internet to Your Database: Using SQLServer 2000 and XML to Build Loosely-Coupled Systems.
An Incremental Mechanism for Schema Evolution in Engineering Domains.
A Method for Optimization of a Conceptual Model.
Can We Meaningfully Integrate Drawings, Text, Images, and Voice with Structured Data?
Attribute Classification Using Feature Analysis.
DISIMA: An Object-Oriented Approach to Developing an Image Database System.
SPINE: Putting Backbone into String Indexing.
A Methodology for Benchmarking Distributed Database Management Systems.
Query Processing Issues in Image (Multimedia) Databases.
A Performance Analysis of an Optimistic and a Basic Timestamp-Ordering Concurrency Control Algorithm for Centralized Database Systems.
Database Analyzer and Predictor - An Overview.
A Multimedia Information Server with Mixed Workload Scheduling.
Transaction Workload Evaluation in the CODASYL Database Environment.
Representative Objects: Concise Representations of Semistructured, Hierarchial Data.
Improved Retrieval of Foreign Names from Large Databases.
Integrating Data Mining with SQL Databases: OLE DB for Data Mining.
Linearizing the Directory Growth in Order Preserving Extendible Hashing.
Coupling Knowledge Based Systems With Large Data Stores.
Design of Multimedia Storage Systems for On-Demand Playback.
Databases and the Web: What's in it for Databases? (Panel).
Periodic Retrieval of Videos from Disk Arrays.
Can A Semantic Web for Life Sciences Improve Drug Discovery?
Cyclic Association Rules.
On the Optimal Ordering of Maps and Selections under Factorization.
Synthetic Query Response Construction in Scientific Databases with Time Constraints and Incomplete Information.
An Efficient Framework for Order Optimization.
Information Loss in the Lattice Model of Summary Tables due to Cell Suppression.
BestPeer: A Self-Configurable Peer-to-Peer System.
Processing Real-Time, Non-Aggregate Queries with Time-Constraints in CASE-DB.
PeerDB: A P2P-based System for Distributed Data Sharing.
Semantic Data Engineering for Generalized Databases.
Automatic Data Transformation and Restructuring.
A Keying Method for a Nested Relational Database Management System.
A Design Method for Nested Relational Databases.
DREAM: A Data Replication Technique for Real-Time Mobile Ad-hoc Network Databases.
Block Oriented Processing of Relational Database Operations in Modern Computer Architectures.
An Object-Oriented View Onto Public, Heterogeneous Text Databases.
Deflating the Dimensionality Curse Using Multiple Fractal Dimensions.
Prefetching with Multiple Disks for External Mergesort: Simulation and Analysis.
The Alps at Your Fingertips: Virtual Reality and Geoinformation Systems.
Security of Statistical Databases - Compromise through Attribute Correlational Modeling.
A Graph-Based Approach For Extracting Terminological Properties of Elements of XML Documents.
Online Amnesic Approximation of Streaming Time Series.
Client-Based Logging for High Performance Distributed Architectures.
Personalized Portals for the Wireless and Mobile User; a Mobile Agent Approach.
An Efficient Semantic Query Optimization Algorithm.
Authenticating Query Results in Edge Computing.
StegFS: A Steganographic File System.
Group Nearest Neighbor Queries.
Indexing Spatio-Temporal Data Warehouses.
Reverse Nearest Neighbors in Large Graphs.
LOCI: Fast Outlier Detection Using the Local Correlation Integral.
SemCast: Semantic Multicast for Content-based Data Dissemination.
MedMaker: A Mediation System Based on Declarative Specifications.
Object Exchange Across Heterogeneous Information Sources.
Enhancing Semistructured Data Mediators with Document Type Definitions.
Mobile Agents for WWW Distributed Database Access.
An Entity-Relationship Algebra.
Efficient Dynamic Voting Algorithms.
Voting with Regenerable Volatile Witnesses.
Efficient Searches for Similar Subsequences of Different Lengths in Sequence Databases.
Rewriting OLAP Queries Using Materialized Views and Dimension Hierarchies in Data Warehouses.
Using Common Subexpressions to Optimize Multiple Queries.
A Periodic Deadlock Detection and Resolution Algorithm with a New Graph Model for Sequential Transaction Processing.
Integrating AI and DBMS through Stream Processing.
The Tangram Stream Query Processing System.
Object Oriented Database Panel - Position Statement.
A Directory Service for a Federation of CIM Databases with Migrating Objects.
SpinCircuit: A Collaboration Portal Powered by E-speak.
Object Exchange Service for an Object-Oriented Database System.
Exploiting Uniqueness in Query Optimization.
Multidimensional Data Modeling for Complex Data.
Integrating XML Data in the TARGITOLAP System.
Mining Frequent Item Sets with Convertible Constraints.
PrefixSpan: Mining Sequential Patterns by Prefix-Projected Growth.
Mining Cross-Graph Quasi-Cliques in Gene Expression and Protein Interaction Data.
Data Mining for Intrusion Detection: Techniques, Applications and Systems.
Adding Full Text Indexing to the Operating System.
Parallel Algorithms for Executing Joins on Cube-Conneced Multicomputers.
Streaming XPath Queries in XSQ.
Deputy Mechanisms for Object-Oriented Databases.
Pseudo Column Level Locking.
Landmarks: a New Model for Similarity-based Pattern Querying in Time Series Databases.
Request Order Linked List (ROLL): A Concurrency Control Object for Centralized and Distributed Database Systems.
Domain Vector Accelerator for Relational Operations.
Ordering Accesses to Improving Transaction Processing Performance.
Axiomatization of Dynamic Schema Evolution in Objectbases.
Towards the Reverse Engineering of Denormalized Relational Databases.
Content-Based Video Indexing for the Support of Digital Library Search.
Multiversion Reconciliation for Mobile Databases.
Multimedia Systems and Text.
Combining Hierarchy Encoding and Pre-Grouping: Intelligent Grouping in Star Join Processing.
Network-Aware Operator Placement for Stream-Processing Systems.
Experience in Applying Conceptual Modeling to Interface with a Real-Life Business Application.
Compressing Bitmap Indices by Data Reorganization.
A Rule Engine for Query Transformation in Starburst and IBM DB2 C/S DBMS.
Constraints for Improving the Generation of Intensional Answers in a Deductive Database.
A Relationally Complete Visual Query Language for Heterogeneous Data Sources and Pervasive Querying.
XCluster Synopses for Structured XML Content.
Selectivity Estimation for XML Twigs.
Fast Approximate Query Answering Using Precomputed Statistics.
Similarity Search Over Time-Series Data Using Wavelets.
Cyclic Allocation of Two-Dimensional Data.
Multi-Level Multi-Channel Air Cache Designs for Broadcasting in a Mobile Environment.
Redesign of Optimistic Methods: Improving Performance and Applicability.
Fast Approximate Search Algorithm for Nearest Neighbor Queries in High Dimensions.
Building-In Quality and Productivity to a Large Software System.
I/O Complexity for Range Queries on Region Data Stored Using an R-tree.
Syntactic Rule Based Approach toWeb Service Composition.
Regeneration of Replicated Objects: A Technique and Its Eden Implementation.
How Good Are Association-Rule Mining Algorithms?
Generalized Closed Itemsets for Association Rule Mining.
Optimal Granularity and Degree of Multiprogramming in a Distributed Database System.
An Effective Method for Integrity Constraint Simplification.
Query Folding.
Query Interoperation Among Object-Oriented and Relational Databases.
SVL: Storage Virtualization Engine Leveraging DBMS Technology.
Automated Storage Management with QoS Guarantees.
Approximately Processing Multi-granularity Aggregate Queries over Data Streams.
UNIT: User-centric Transaction Management in Web-Database Systems.
Data Mining from an AI Perspective (Abstract).
WWW and the Internet - Did We Miss the Boat? (Panel).
Efficient Support for Partial Write Operations in Replicated Databases.
On Similarity-Based Queries for Time Series Data.
Representing Web Graphs.
Taming the Downtime: High Availability in Sybase ASE 12.
Fuzzy Functional Dependencies in Fuzzy Relations.
Serializability in Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Extracting Delta for Incremental Data Warehouse Maintenance.
An Exact Probability Model for Finite Hash Tables.
Perfect Hashing Functions for Hardware Applications.
Automatic Sales Lead Generation from Web Data.
Logic-oriented Object Bases.
A Cooperative Approach to Large Knowledge Based Systems.
Using State Modules for Adaptive Query Processing.
IMAX: The Big Picture of Dynamic XML Statistics.
A Hybrid Object Clustering Strategy for Large Knowledge-Based Systems.
Detection of Mutual Inconsistency in Distributed Databases.
Transaction Atomicity in the Presence of Network Partitions.
How to Share Work on Shared Objects in Design Databases.
A Fault-Tolerant Algorithm for Replicated Data Management.
MEMS-based Disk Buffer for Streaming Media Servers.
Laws for Rewriting Queries Containing Division Operators.
Using EELs, a Practical Approach to Outerjoin and Antijoin Reordering.
PRIX: Indexing And Querying XML Using Prüfer Sequences.
SketchTree: Approximate Tree Pattern Counts over Streaming Labeled Trees.
Compiled Query Execution Engine using JVM.
Mining Optimized Association Rules with Categorical and Numeric Attributes.
Mining Optimized Support Rules for Numeric Attributes.
Dynamic Data Structures on Optical Disks.
A Complete and Efficient Algebraic Compiler for XQuery.
Assessment of Data Management Security Technology for Military Requirements.
A Fault Secure Dictionary Machine.
Trie Hashing Analysis.
Adaptive Process Management with ADEPT2.
Parallel Approaches to Database Management (Abstract).
Information Lifecycle Management: The EMC Perspective.
Heterogeneous Query Processing through SQL Table Functions.
Data Triage: An Adaptive Architecture for Load Shedding in TelegraphCQ.
Declarative Network Monitoring with an Underprovisioned Query Processor.
XML Data and Object Databases: A Perfect Couple?
Load Control and Load Balancing in a Shared Database Management System.
From Sipping on a Straw to Drinking from a Fire Hose: Data Integration in a Public Genome Database.
JazzMatch: Fine-Grained Parallel Matching for Large Rule Sets.
Evaluation and Optimization of the LIVING IN A LATTICE Rule Language.
On the Controlled Evolution of Process Choreographies.
Capturing Design Dynamics the Concord Approach.
Scheduling Data Redistribution in Distributed Databases.
Analysis of Reorganization Overhead in Log-Structured File Systems.
Working Together in Harmony - An Implementation of the CORBA Object Query Service and Its Evaluation.
Cache-Aware Query Routing in a Cluster of Databases.
Formal Specification of Geographic Data Processing Requirements.
Data Engineering in Software Development Environments.
On-Line Schema Update for a Telecom Database.
A Type-Safe Object-Oriented Solution for the Dynamic Construction of Queries.
Metadata Propagation in Large, Multi-Layer Database Systems.
Spatial Join Indices.
Physical Organization of Temporal Data.
Buffer Management for Video Database Systems.
Diophantine Inferences from Statistical Aggregates on Few-Valued Attributes.
Subclass Equal Instances, Thanks to Statistical Databases.
Inference-Security Analysis Using Resolution Theorem-Proving.
Linear Hashing with Priority Splitting: A Method for Improving the Retrieval Performance of Linear Hashing.
Efficient Data Management on Lightweight Computing Device.
An Adaptive Checkpointing Scheme for Distributed Databases with Mixed Types of Transactions.
A Semantic Integrity Framework: Set Restrictions for Semantic Groupings.
SEQ: A Model for Sequence Databases.
Practical Application of IDEF1 as a Database Development Tool.
Complex Query Decorrelation.
Revision Processing in a Stream Processing Engine: A High-Level Design.
Generalized Partial Indexes.
Distributed Query Evaluation in Local Area Networks.
A Semi-Structured Data Cartridge for Relational Databases.
Modeling Uncertainty in Databases.
Technique for Optimal Adaptation of Time-Dependent Workflows with Security Constraints.
A Peer-to-peer Framework for Caching Range Queries.
Flux: An Adaptive Partitioning Operator for Continuous Query Systems.
Distance Based Indexing for String Proximity Search.
Multiple Index Structures for Efficient Retrieval of 2D Objects.
A Method for Behavior Modeling in Data Oriented Approach to System Design.
Object-Oriented Models for Heterogeneous Multidatabase Management Systems.
AutoLag: Automatic Discovery of Lag Correlations in Stream Data.
Triggers over XML views of relational data.
Probabilistic Dignosis of Hot Spots.
Panel on: Database Management Systems and Model Management Systems.
Disk Striping.
SLEVE: Semantic Locking for EVEnt synchronisation.
Checkpointing Memory-Resident Databases.
Unordered Tree Mining with Applications to Phylogeny.
Ending the MOLAP/ROLAP Debate: Usage Based Aggregation and Flexible HOLAP (Abstract).
Approximate Queries and Representations for Large Data Sequences.
Indexing of Moving Objects for Location-Based Services.
A Query Algebra for Object-Oriented Databases.
On the Power to Derive External Schemata from the Database Schema.
Exploiting Data Lineage for Parallel Optimization in Extensible DBMSs.
DSDT: Durable Scripts Containing Database Transactions.
Path Computation Algorithms for Advanced Traveller Information System (ATIS).
Two-Phase Commit Optimizations and Tradeoffs in the Commercial Environment.
CCAM: A Connectivity-Clustered Access Method for Aggregate Queries on Transportation Networks: A Summary of Results.
Managing Complex and Varied Data with the IndexFabric(tm).
MoBiLe Files and Efficient Processing of Path Queries on Scientific Data.
Improving the Access Time Performance of Serpentine Tape Drives.
AutoGlobe: An Automatic Administration Concept for Service-Oriented Database Applications.
Enabling Query Processing on Spatial Networks.
The TP-Index: A Dynamic and Efficient Indexing Mechanism for Temporal Databases.
Algebraic Foundation and Optimization for Object Based Query Languages.
SaveRF: Towards Efficient Relevance Feedback Search.
Sequence Data Mining Techniques and Applications.
HSI: A Novel Framework for Efficient Automated Singer Identification in Large Music Database.
Scaling up the ALIAS Duplicate Elimination System.
Text Classification Improved through Automatically Extracted Sequences.
Efficient Organization of Large Multidimensional Arrays.
Mining Dense Periodic Patterns in Time Series Data.
Don't be a Pessimist: Use Snapshot based Concurrency Control for XML.
A Graph Query Language and Its Query Processing.
Workflow and Data Management in InConcert.
Object-Oriented Modeling and Design of Coupled Knowledge-base/Database Systems.
Working Models for Uncertain Data.
Design Methodologies of Computers for Aritificial Intelligence Processing.
Efficiently Evaluating Order Preserving Similarity Queries over Historical Market-Basket Data.
Managing and Integrating Unstructured and Structured Data: Problems of Representation, Features, and Abstraction (position paper).
Does Loose AI-DBMS Coupling Stand a Chance?
Meta-reasoning: An Incremental Compilation Approach.
Transactional Workflows: Research, Enabling Technologies, and Applications (Abstract).
A Tool for Integrating Conceptual Schemas and User Views.
Mining for Strong Negative Associations in a Large Database of Customer Transactions.
What's in a WWW Link? - Panel.
The Architecture of BrAID: A System for Bridging AI/DB Systems.
Database as an Application Integration Platform (Abstract).
An Adaptive Concurrency Control Strategy for Distributed Database Systems.
Integrating Workflow Management Systems with Business-to-Business Interaction Standard.
Performance Analysis of Resiliency Mechanisms in Distributed Datbase Systems.
Extensible and Similarity-Based Grouping for Data Integratio.
XCut: Indexing XML Data for Efficient Twig Evaluation.
Searching in a Hyperlibrary.
Towards Exploring Interactive Relationship between Clusters and Outliers in Multi-Dimensional Data Analysis.
Utilization of External Foreign Computation Services.
Efficient Creation and Incremental Maintenance of the HOPI Index for Complex XML Document Collections.
Microsoft Server Technology for Mobile and Wireless Applications.
Encoded Bitmap Indexing for Data Warehouses.
OOPS - An Object Oriented Programming System with Integrated Data Management Faciltity.
A Graph-Theoretic Approach to Indexing in Object-Oriented Databases.
Expiration Times for Data Management.
High-Dimensional Similarity Joins.
Querying XML Documents Made Easy: Nearest Concept Queries.
Lk: A Language for Capturing Real World Meanings of the Stored Data.
Evaluation of Spatio-Temporal Predicates on Moving Objects.
Tamino - A DBMS designed for XML.
The ECHO Method: Concurrency Control Method for a Large-Scale Distributed Database.
Design and Implementation of a High-Performance Distributed Web Crawler.
Object Class Definition by Generalization Using Upward Inheritance.
HDoV-tree: The Structure, The Storage, The Speed.
Comparison-Criteria for Semantic Data Models.
Achieving Class-Based QoS for Transactional Workloads.
SQLServer for Windows CE - A Database Engine for Mobile and Embedded Platforms.
Postgres-R(SI): Combining Replica Control with Concurrency Control based on Snapshot Isolation.
How to Determine a Good Multi-Programming Level for External Scheduling.
The Collaboration Management Infrastructure.
SNAP: Efficient Snapshots for Back-in-Time Execution.
Managing Change in the Rufus System.
Panel on "Distributed Operating Systems and Distributed Databases".
Tree Structured Multiple Processor Join Methods.
A Modular Query Optimizer Generator.
Fault Tolerant Commit Protocols.
Optimal Communication Topologies for Atomic Commitment.
Data Replication in Mariposa.
Currency-Based Updates to Distributed Materialized Views.
A Robust Distributed Solution to the Generalized Dining Philosophers' Problem.
Maintaining Materialized Views in Distributed Databases.
Extended Relations.
Evaluation of Rule Processing Strategies In Expert Databases.
Top Five Data Challenges for the Next Decade.
A Sampling-Based Approach to Optimizing Top-k Queries in Sensor Networks.
Data Intensive Intra- & Internet Applications - Experiences Using Java and CORBA in the World Wide Web.
Energy-Efficient Continuous Isoline Queries in Sensor Networks.
Transaction Support in a Log-Structured File System.
BOXes: Efficient Maintenance of Order-Based Labeling for Dynamic XML Data.
Read Optimized File System Designs: A Performance Evaluation.
NEXSORT: Sorting XML in External Memory.
X-500 Directory Schema Management.
Optimizing ETL Processes in Data Warehouses.
Industry Applications of Data Mining: Challenges & Opportunities (Abstract).
Synthesizing Distributed Constrained Events from Transactional Workflow.
An Efficient Index Structure for Shift and Scale Invariant Search of Multi-Attribute Time Sequences.
Can OODB Technology Solve CAD Design Data Management Problems? (Panel Abstract).
Cooperative Caching in Append-only Databases with Hot Spots.
Managing Distributed Memory to Meet Multiclass Workload Response Time Goals.
A Cost-Model-Based Online Method for Ditributed Caching.
Proving Ownership over Categorical Data.
wmdb.: Rights Protection for Numeric Relational Data.
An Optimization Strategy for Recursive Queries in Logic Databases.
Maintaining Implicated Statistics in Constrained Environments.
Modeling and Querying Moving Objects.
Similarity Based Retrieval of Videos.
Spatial Searching in Geometric Databases.
The BINGO! Focused Crawler: From Bookmarks to Archetypes.
The Evolution of eBusiness Integration-from Data to Proces.
Using Partial Differencing for Efficient Monitoring of Deferred Complex Rule Conditions.
Specification-Based Data Reduction in Dimensional Data Warehouses.
Query Plans for Conventional and Temporal Queries Involving Duplicates and Ordering.
Recursive Functions in Iris.
The Semantic Data Model for Security: Representing the Security Semantics of an Application.
A Truncating Hash Algorithm for Processing Band-Join Queries.
Performance Evaluation of Multiversion Database Systems.
An Integrated Real-Time Locking Protocol.
Ternary Relationship Decomposition Strategies Based on Binary Imposition Rules.
Efficient Evaluation of the Valid-Time Natural Join.
Modeling Mechanical CAD Data with Data Abstraction and Object-Oriented Techniques.
Incorporating Functional Dependencies in Deductive Query Answering.
Extensible Indexing: A Framework for Integrating Domain-Specific Indexing Schemes into Oracle8i.
Directories: Managing Data for Networked Applications.
ISOMER: Consistent Histogram Construction Using Query Feedback.
Parallelism in Database Production Systems.
A Tree Based Access Method (TBSAM) for Fast Processing of Aggregate Queries.
Efficient Algorithms for Maintenance of Large Database.
Employing Intelligent Agents for Knowledge Discovery (Abstract).
A Framework for the Selective Dissemination of XML Documents based on Inferred User Profiles.
Feedback Stabilization of Control Policy Selection In Data/Knowledge Based Systems.
Model-Based Design Bases for Task-Oriented Systems.
Consistency and Performance of Concurrent Interactive Database Applications.
Semantics and Efficient Compilation for Quantitative Deductive Databases.
Abstract Data Types in Databases: Specification, Manipulation and Access.
Integrating Semi-Join-Reducers into State of the Art Query Processors.
StreamCorder: Fast Trial-and-Error Analysis in Scientific Databases.
Outrageous Ideas and/or Thoughts While Shaving.
Inclusion of New Types in Relational Data Base Systems.
Future Trends in Data Base Systems.
Are We Polishing a Round Ball? (Panel Abstract).
Mariposa: A New Architecture for Distributed Data.
"One Size Fits All": An Idea Whose Time Has Come and Gone (Abstract).
The Design of the Postgres Rules System.
Large Object Support in POSTGRES.
Distributed RAID - A New Multiple Copy Algorithm.
Modeling Time Aspects of Information Systems.
A Distributed Query Processing Strategy Using Decomposition, Pipelining and Intermediate Result Sharing Techniques.
Holistic Query Interface Matching using Parallel Schema Matching.
Execution of Extended Multidatabase SQL.
The AQUA Approach to Querying Lists and Trees in Object-Oriented Databases.
Improved File Synchronization Techniques for Maintaining Large Replicated Collections over Slow Networks.
Concurrency Control Based on Distributed Cycle Detection.
A Semantic Approach to Usability in Relational Database Systems.
Concurrent Operations in a Distributed and Mobile Collaborative Environment.
An Index Implementation Supporting Fast Recovery for the POSTGRES Storage System.
Exploring Spatial Datasets with Histograms.
Online Latent Variable Detection in Sensor Networks.
Querying about the Past, the Present, and the Future in Spatio-Temporal.
ReQueSS: Relational Querying of Semi-Structured Data.
A New Recursive Subclass of Domain Independent Formulas Based on Subimplication.
Privacy Preservation for Data Cubes.
Assisting the Integration of Taxonomic Data: The LITCHI Toolkit.
A Polynomial Time Algorithm for Optimizing Join Queries.
A Heuristic Information Retrieval Model on a Massively Parallel Processor.
Continuous Backup Systems Utilizing Flash Memory.
Cache-on-Demand: Recycling with Certainty.
On Getting Some Answers Quickly, and Perhaps More Later.
Substructure Clustering on Sequential 3d Object Datasets.
Query Pairs as Hypertext Links.
Schema Virtualization in Object-Oriented Databases.
Coordinated Management of Cascaded Caches for Efficient Content Distribution.
A Scheme for Maintaining Consistency and Availability of Replicated Files in a Partitioned Distributed System.
IC Tag Based Traceability: System and Solutions.
A Distributed Quadtree Index for Peer-to-Peer Settings.
Acceleration Technique of Snake-Shaped Regions Retrieval Method for Telematics Navigation Service System.
A Statistical Interface for Historical Relational Databases.
Spatio-Temporal Aggregation Using Sketches.
Approximate Temporal Aggregation.
Cost Models for Overlapping and Multi-Version B-Trees.
Venn Sampling: A Novel Prediction Technique for Moving Objects.
Selectivity Estimation for Predictive Spatio-Temporal Queries.
SUBSKY: Efficient Computation of Skylines in Subspaces.
Mining Bases for Association Rules Using Closed Sets.
Designing the Reengineering Services for the DOK Federated Database System.
Declarative Querying for Biological Sequences.
In-Memory Data Management in the Application Tier.
An Evaluation of Physical Disk I/Os for Complex Object Processing.
Mermaid - Experiences with Network Operation.
A Common Framework for Classifying and Specifying Deductive Database Updating Problems.
An Efficient Relational Implementation of Recursive Relationships using Path Signatures.
High Availability in Clustered Multimedia Servers.
Cost Models for Join Queries in Spatial Databases.
Delta-Sets for Optimized Reactive Adaptive Playout Management in Distributed Multimedia Database Systems.
Creating a Customized Access Method for Blobworld.
Performance Limits of Two-Phase Locking.
Thrashing in Two-Phase Locking Revisited.
On a More Realistic Lock Contention Model and Its Analysis.
Performance Analysis of RAID5 Disk Arrays with a Vacationing Server Model for Rebuild Mode Operation.
Migrating Legacy Databases and Applications (Panel).
Guardian: Decentralized Control of an Embedded Multimicroprocessor.
Concurrency Control for Relational Databases.
Range Efficient Computation of F over Massive Data Streams.
Performance Evaluation of Relational Databases in a Corporate Environment.
Predator-Miner: Ad hoc Mining of Associations Rules within a Database Management System.
XGRIND: A Query-Friendly XML Compressor.
A Framework of Expert System with Strategic Knowledge.
Query Optimization for KBMSs: Temporal, Syntactic and Semantic Transformantions.
Accelerating Nonnumerical Processing by an Extended Vector Processor.
A Relational Database System Architecture Based on a Vector Processing Method.
The Efficient Computation of Strong Partial Transitive-Closures.
Parameterized View Definition and Recursive Relations.
Fixed Length Semiorder Preserving Code for Field Level Data File Compression.
Distance Exponent: A New Concept for Selectivity Estimation in Metric Trees.
Efficiently Maintaining Availability in the Presence of Partitionings in Distributed Systems.
Supporting Partial Data Accesses to Replicated Data.
Private Updates to Anonymous Databases.
On Modularity for Conceptual Data Models and the Consequences for Subtyping, Inheritance & Overriding.
PICSDesk: A Case Study on Business Process Re-engineering.
Ranked Join Indices.
The Changing Art of Computer Research.
Computation, Information, Communication, Imagination (Abstract).
Optimal Versioning of Objects.
Performance Modeling of Distributed Database.
Exploiting Punctuation Semantics in Data Streams.
Spatial Clustering in the Presence of Obstacles.
Querying and Controlling the Future Behaviour of Complex Objects.
Similarity Searching in Text Databases with Multiple Field Types.
PL - A Probabilistic Logic.
Distributed XML Stream Filtering System with High Scalability.
Implementation and Evaluation of a Browsing Algorithm for Design Applications.
An Advanced Database System ADAM - Towards Integrated Management of Engineering Data.
An Analysis of the Structural, Dynamic, and Temporal Aspects of Semantic Data Models.
Perspectives of a Semantic Schema.
Constraint Analysis for Specifying Perspectives of Class Objects.
The Implementation and Evaluation of Integrity Maintenance Rules in an Object-Oriented Database.
Utilizing an Executable Specification Language for an Information System.
Graphical Tools for Rule Development in the Active DBMS SAMOS.
Design Overview of the Aditi Deductive Database System.
Privacy-Preserving Top-K Queries.
Parallel Database Systems: the case for shared-something.
DB2 Advisor: An Optimizer Smart Enough to Recommend Its Own Indexes.
Mining Frequent Labeled and Partially Labeled Graph Patterns.
Supporting High-Bandwidth Navigation in Object-Bases.
Prepare and Commit Certification for Decentralized Transaction Management in Rigorous Heterogeneous Multidatabases.
Representing and Querying Data Transformations.
ToMAS: A System for Adapting Mappings while Schemas Evolve.
GRAM++ - An Indigenous GIS Software Suite Demonstration.
The Impact of Data Placement on Memory Management for Multi-Server OODBMS.
Memory Management for Scalable Web Data Servers.
Remote Load-Sensitive Caching for Multi-Server Database Systems.
Modeling Asynchrony in Distributed Databases.
Data Integration and Interrogation.
The WHIPS Prototype for Data Warehouse Creation and Maintenance.
Dynamic Extensible Query Processing in Super-Peer Based P2P Systems.
Design and Implementation of a Relational Database Server In a Heterogeneous Network Environment.
Supporting Universal Quantification in a Two-Dimensional Database Query Language.
Conference Officers.
A Transparent Replication of HTTP Service.
Complex and Composite Objects in CAD/CAM Databases.
Discovering Similar Multidimensional Trajectories.
How Spacey Can They Get? Space Overhead for Storage and Indexing with Object-Oriented Databases.
Applying a Flexible OODBMS-IRS-Coupling for Structured Document Handling.
Solution Patterns for Common Data Design Problems.
An Object-Oriented Query Processor that Produces Monotonically Improving Approximate Answers.
Making Designer Schemas with Colors.
The Fingerprinted Database.
The Mentor Project: Steps Toward Enterprise-Wide Workflow Management.
The File-Assignment and Query-Processing Problems in Local Multiaccess Networks.
A Hybrid Data Sharing - Data Partitioning Architecture for Transaction Processing.
Data Mining Meets Performance Evaluation: Fast Algorithms for Modeling Bursty Traffic.
An Effective Algorithm for Parallelizing Hash Joins in the Presence of Data Skew.
X-Diff: An Effective Change Detection Algorithm for XML Documents.
Optimal Buffer Partitioning for the Nested Block Join Algorithm.
BIDE: Efficient Mining of Frequent Closed Sequences.
Locking Policies in Distributed Databases.
A Performance Comparison of the Rete and TREAT Algorithms for Testing Database Rule Conditions.
The Performance of Locking Protocols in Distributed Databases.
A Partition-Based Approach to Graph Mining.
Cost and Imprecision in Modeling the Position of Moving Objects.
Dual Labeling: Answering Graph Reachability Queries in Constant Time.
Location Prediction and Queries for Tracking Moving Objects.
PBiTree Coding and Efficient Processing of Containment Joins.
Searching Local Information in Mobile Databases.
Mining Actionable Patterns by Role Models.
Pushing Aggregate Constraints by Divide-and-Approximate.
Database Replication for the Mobile Era.
Data Quality Requirements Analysis and Modeling.
LINDA: A System for Loosely Integrated Databases.
The Relation-Partitioning Approach to Processing Star Queries in Distributed Databases.
Fuzzy Triggers: Incorporating Imprecise Reasoning into Active Databases.
A Unified Concurrency Control Algorithm for Distributed Database Systems.
Representing Retroactive and Proactive Versions in Bi-Temporal Databases.
Distributed Query Optimization by One-Shot Fixed-Precision Semi-Join Execution.
Micro and Macro Statistical/Scientific Database Management.
Condensed Cube: An Efficient Approach to Reducing Data Cube Size.
A Data Model and Semantics of Objects with Dynamic Roles.
Experiment Management with Metadata-based Integration for Collaborative Scientific Research.
The Inter-Database Instance Identification Problem in Integrating Autonomous Systems.
On the Sequencing of Tree Structures for XML Indexing.
Distributed Processing Systems Security: Communications, Computer, or Both.
Indexing Weighted-Sequences in Large Databases.
Supporting Fine-grained Data Lineage in a Database Visualization Environment.
Online Mining of Data Streams: Applications, Techniques and Progress.
Query Estimation by Adaptive Sampling.
WebIQ: Learning from the Web to Match Deep-Web Query Interfaces.
U-Filter: A Lightweight XML View Update Checker.
A Prime Number Labeling Scheme for Dynamic Ordered XML Trees.
Towards Efficient Algorithms for Deadlock Detection and Resolution in Distributed Systems.
Structural Join Order Selection for XML Query Optimization.
Selectivity Estimation in the Presence of Alphanumeric Correlations.
KDA: A Knowledge-based Database Assistant.
A Framework Towards Efficient and Effective Sequence Clusterin.
Query Selection Techniques for Efficient Crawling of Structured Web Sources.
First-Order Logic Reducible Programs.
Monitoring Top-k Query inWireless Sensor Networks.
TAR: Temporal Association Rules on Evolving Numerical Attributes.
Dynamic Finite Versioning: An Effective Versioning Approach to Concurrent Transaction and Query Processing.
STING+: An Approach to Active Spatial Data Mining.
Energy-Efficient Caching for Wireless Mobile Computing.
User Defined Aggregates in Object-Relational Systems.
Divergence Control for Epsilon-Serializability.
CMP: A Fast Decision Tree Classifier Using Multivariate Predictions.
Data Placement and Buffer Management for Concurrent Mergesorts with Parallel Prefetching.
The ATLaS System and Its Powerful Database Language Based on Simple Extensions of SQL.
Content is King, (If You Can Find It): A New Model for Knowledge Storage and Retrieval.
Extending XML Database to Support Open XML.
On Updates and Inconsistency Repairing in Knowledge Bases.
A Uniform Model for Temporal Object-Oriented Databases.
Mining Customer Value: From Association Rules to Direct Marketing.
Pure Java Databases for Deployed Applications.
CLAN: An Algorithm for Mining Closed Cliques from Large Dense Graph Databases.
Program Committee.
Using XML to Build Efficient Transaction-Time Temporal Database Systems on Relational Databases.
Demo Program Committee.
External Reviewers.
Adaptive Lapped Declustering: A Highly Available Data-Placement Method Balancing Access Load and Space Utilization.
Message From The Chairs.
Interactive-Time Similarity Search for Large Image Collections Using Parallel VA-Files.
General Chairs.
Supporting the Design of Conceptual Schemata by Database Systems.
Program Committee Members.
Hot-Spot Based Compostion Algorithm.
External Reviewers.
Set-Oriented Disk Access to Large Complex Objects.
Detecting Duplicates in Complex XML Data.
Similarity Indexing with the SS-tree.
The Mentor-Lite Prototype: A Light-Weight Workflow Management System.
Symbolic Processing: Issues and Opportunities.
Object-Oriented Databases: Evolution or Revolution on Information System Designs (Panel Abstract).
A Seamless Integration in Object-Oriented Database Systems.
A Framework for Optimization in Expert System - DBMS Interface.
Message from the General Chairs.
Odysseus: A High-Performance ORDBMS Tightly-Coupled with IR Features.
Continuous Reverse Nearest Neighbor Monitoring.
Welcome from the Program Chairs.
Efficient Recursive Query Processing using Wavefront Methods.
Fast, Secure Encryption for Indexing in a Column-Oriented DBMS.
C-Cubing: Efficient Computation of Closed Cubes by Aggregation-Based Checking.
Translation of Object-Oriented Queries to Relational Queries.
Dynamic Load Distribution in the Borealis Stream Processor.
Dynamic File Organizations For Partial Match Retrieval Based on Linear Hashing.
R-trees with Update Memos.
The CMS-Help Expert System.
SEA-CNN: Scalable Processing of Continuous K-Nearest Neighbor Queries in Spatio-temporal Databases.
Search and Ranking Algorithms for Locating Resources on the World Wide Web.
A Distribution-Based Clustering Algorithm for Mining in Large Spatial Databases.
Web Query Optimizer.
Mining Shifting-and-Scaling Co-Regulation Patterns on Gene Expression Profiles.
Scrutinizing Frequent Pattern Discovery Performance.
ProcessingWindow Queries in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Mining Recurrent Items in Multimedia with Progressive Resolution Refinement.
Direct Mesh: a Multiresolution Approach to Terrain Visualization.
Parallel Classification for Data Mining on Shared-Memory Multiprocessors.
Energy Efficient Index for Querying Location-Dependent Data in Mobile Broadcast Environments.
CLICKS: Mining Subspace Clusters in Categorical Data via K-partite Maximal Cliques.
Software and Development Process Quality Metrics.
Algebraic Properties of some Parallel Processor Interconnection Networks.
Business Objects and Application Integration (Abstract).
A Hypertext Database for Advanced Sharing of Distributed Web Pages.
Benchmarking SAP R/3 Archiving Scenarios.
Association-Based Multiple Imputation in Multivariate Datasets: A Summary.
Spatiotemporal Annotation Graph (STAG): A Data Model for Composite Digital Objects.
BlossomTree: Evaluating XPaths in FLWOR Expressions.
Index Structures for Information Filtering Under the Vector Space Model.
Performing Group-By before Join.
Mining Closed Relational Graphs with Connectivity Constraints.
Clustering Categorical Data.
Searching Substructures with Superimposed Distance.
A Succinct Physical Storage Scheme for Efficient Evaluation of Path Queries in XML.
Speeding up Heterogeneous Data Access by Converting and Pushing Down String Comparisons.
Dynamic Clustering of Evolving Streams with a Single Pass.
SlidingWindow based Multi-Join Algorithms over Distributed Data Streams.
Formal Semantics of Composite Events for Distributed Environments.
Space-efficient Relative Error Order Sketch over Data Streams.
A Low-Cost Geometry-Preserving Image Database System.
XSEED: Accurate and Fast Cardinality Estimation for XPath Queries.
Designing a Super-Peer Network.
Making the Pyramid Technique Robust to Query Types and Workloads.
Atomic Commitment in Database Systems over Active Networks.
Image Database Retrieval with Multiple-Instance Learning Techniques.
Data Warehouse Maintenance under Concurrent Schema and Data Updates.
An Index Structure for Efficient Reverse Nearest Neighbor Queries.
Better Burst Detection.
Efficient Processing of Nested Fuzzy SQL Queries.
Efficient Temporal Join Processing Using Indices.
XGuard: A System for Publishing XML Documents without Information Leakage in the Presence of Data Inference.
Context-Dependent Interpretations of Linguistic Terms in Fuzzy Relational Databases.
Segmentation of Publication Records of Authors from the Web.
Hilda: A High-Level Language for Data-DrivenWeb Applications.
Incremental Computation and Maintenance of Temporal Aggregates.
Array-Based Evaluation of Multi-Dimensional Queries in Object-Relational Databases Systems.
CLUSEQ: Efficient and Effective Sequence Clustering.
A Universal Relation Approach to Federated Database Management.
Data Management in Location-Dependent Information Services.
delta-Clusters: Capturing Subspace Correlation in a Large Data Set.
A Hybrid Transitive Closure Algorithm for Sequential and Parallel Processing.
XBench Benchmark and Performance Testing of XML DBMSs.
A Tool for Information Retrieval Research in Peer-to-Peer File Sharing Systems.
Singapore NII : Building the Electronic Universe.
Building a Network-Aware and Load-Balanced Structured Peer-to-Peer System for Range Query.
Relationship Between Data Engineering and Software Engineering (Abstract).
GenExplore: Interactive Exploration of Gene Interactions from Microarray Data.
Dynamic Load Management for Distributed Continuous Query Systems.
Fast Data Access on Multiple Broadcast Channels.
Adaptive Reorganization of Coherency-Preserving Dissemination Tree for Streaming Data.
A Programming Environment Framework Based on Reusability.
Hiding Data Accesses in Steganographic File System.
Identifying and Update of Derived Functions in Functional Databases.
Disk Allocation Methods for Parallelizing Grid Files.
Efficient Retrieval of Similar Time Sequences Under Time Warping.
eXrQuy: Order Indifference in XQuery.
Sentiment Mining in WebFountain.
Unifying the Processing of XML Streams and Relational Data Streams.
Online Data Mining for Co-Evolving Time Sequences.
SIPPER: Selecting Informative Peers in Structured P2P Environment for Content-Based Retrieval.
Efficient Maintenance of Materialized Top-k Views.
Medical Video Mining for Efficient Database Indexing, Management and Access.
DUP: Dynamic-tree Based Update Propagation in Peer-to-Peer.
A Query Sampling Method of Estimating Local Cost Parameters in a Multidatabase System.
CrossMine: Efficient Classification Across Multiple Database Relations.
An Index Structure for Spatial Joins in Linear Constraint Databases.
On Discovery of Extremely Low-Dimensional Clusters using Semi-Supervised Projected Clustering.
Developing Cost Models with Qualitative Variables for Dynamic Multidatabase Environments.
Reverse Nearest Neighbors Search in Ad-hoc Subspaces.
Graph Structured Views and Their Incremental Maintenance.
Term Indexing for Retrieval by Unification.
Multiple View Consistency for Data Warehousing.
Fat-Btree: An Update-Conscious Parallel Directory Structure.
A Framework for Schema Updates In An Object-Oriented Database System.
Deductive Database System based on Unit Resolution.
On the Semantics of Complex Events in Active Database Management Systems.
Applying Signatures for Forward Traversal Query Processing in Object-Oriented Databases.
A Role for Data Analysis in Practical Requirements Definition.
Storage Reclamation and Reorganization in Client-Server Persistent Object Stores.
Monitoring K-Nearest Neighbor Queries Over Moving Objects.
Partial Materialized Views.
Dynamic Self-Configuring Methods for Graphical Presentation of ODBMS Objects.
Can Image Data be Integrated with Structured Data?
Probabilistic Data Consistency for Wide-Area Applications.
Deep Store: an Archival Storage System Architecture.
Preference-Aware Query and Update Scheduling in Web-databases.
Optimal Buffer Allocation in A Multi-Query Environment.
Programming Patterns for Architecture-Level Software Optimizations on Frequent Pattern Mining.
Concurrency Control Using Locking with Deferred Blocking.
Calibration and Profile based Synopses Error Estimation and Synopses Reconciliation.
Effect of System Dynamics on Coupling Architectures for Transaction Processing.
Back to the Future: Dynamic Hierarchical Clustering.
Super-Scalar RAM-CPU Cache Compression.
Enabling Ad-hoc Ranking for Data Retrieval.
Entity-Relationship Modeling and Fuzzy Databases.
The Fast Data Finder - An Architecture for Very High Speed Data Search and Dissemination.
Support Concurrent Queries in Multiuser CBIR Systems.
Adaptive Algorithms for Balanced Multidimensional Clustering.
ServiceMosaic: Interactive Analysis and Manipulation of Service Conversations.
Transaction Management for a Distributed Object Storage System WAKASHI - Design, Implementation and Performance.
Indexing Point Triples Via Triangle Geometry.
Experiences with Distributed Query Processing.
Organizing Hidden-Web Databases by Clustering Visible Web Documents.
Hash in Place with Memory Shifting: Datacube Computation Revisited.
Adapting Relational Database Engine to Accommodate Moving Objects in SpADE.
Adaptive Techniques for Distributed Query Optimization.
RoXSum: Leveraging Data Aggregation and Batch Processing for XML Routing.
An Evaluation Framework for Algebraic Object-Oriented Query Models.
ACQ: An Automatic Clustering and Querying Approach for Large Image Databases.
A Lightweight Online Framework For Query Progress Indicators.
Supporting Streaming Updates in an Active Data Warehouse.
MMS: Using Queries As Data Values for Metadata Management.
Substring Matching in P2P Publish/Subscribe Data Management Networks.
Personalizing XML Search in PIMENTO.
Proof Sketches: Verifiable In-Network Aggregation.
Selecting Stars: The k Most Representative Skyline Operator.
SQL Queries Over Unstructured Text Databases.
On Multidimensional k-Anonymity with Local Recoding Generalization.
Data-quality Guided Load Shedding for Expensive In-Network Data Processing.
Stream Monitoring under the Time Warping Distance.
XQuery Streaming à la Carte.
Robust Heuristics for Scalable Optimization of Complex SQL Queries.
MayBMS: Managing Incomplete Information with Probabilistic World-Set Decompositions.
Efficient Detection of Distributed Constraint Violations.
Labeling network motifs in protein interactomes for protein function prediction.
Collaborative Wrapping: A Turbo Framework for Web Data Extraction.
Web-based Collaborative Information Integration for Scientific Research.
AttentionAttractor: efficient video stream similarity query processing in real time.
Conquering the Divide: Continuous Clustering of Distributed Data Streams.
Computing Compressed Multidimensional Skyline Cubes Efficiently.
Branch Sequencing Based XML Message Broker Architecture.
Efficient Evaluation of All-Nearest-Neighbor Queries.
Theseos: A Query Engine for Traceability across Sovereign, Distributed RFID Databases.
Norm, Point, and Distance Estimation Over Multiple Signals Using Max-Stable Distributions.
Accelerating Profile Queries in Elevation Maps.
Fast Identification of Relational Constraint Violations.
Parts Traceability for Manufacturers.
RFID Data Processing with a Data Stream Query Language.
Reverse Query Processing.
SKYPEER: Efficient Subspace Skyline Computation over Distributed Data.
SpADe: On Shape-based Pattern Detection in Streaming Time Series.
Lira: Lightweight, Region-aware Load Shedding in Mobile CQ Systems.
Propagating Updates in SPIDER.
Evolution of Distributed Web Data: An Application of the Reactive Language XChange.
Generalized Précis Queries for Logical Database Subset Creation.
Oscar: A Data-Oriented Overlay For Heterogeneous Environments.
Creating Nested Mappings with Clio.
µBE: User Guided Source Selection and Schema Mediation for Internet Scale Data Integration.
The New Casper: A Privacy-Aware Location-Based Database Server.
Conditional Functional Dependencies for Data Cleaning.
Hiding in the Crowd: Privacy Preservation on Evolving Streams through Correlation Tracking.
Odysseus: a High-Performance ORDBMS Tightly-Coupled with Spatial Database Features.
Combined Static and Dynamic Analysis for Effective Buffer Minimization in Streaming XQuery Evaluation.
µBE: User Guided Source Selection and Schema Mediation for Internet Scale Data Integration.
Hypertree Decompositions for Query Optimization.
FireStream: Sensor Stream Processing for Monitoring Fire Spread.
t-Closeness: Privacy Beyond k-Anonymity and l-Diversity.
SPRITE: A Learning-Based Text Retrieval System in DHT Networks.
Worst-Case Background Knowledge for Privacy-Preserving Data Publishing.
10 Worlds and Beyond: Efficient Representation and Processing of Incomplete Information.
The Video Event Awareness System.
GPress: Towards Effective GML Documents Compresssion.
An Online Approach to Physical Design Tuning.
A Cooperative, Self-Configuring High-Availability Solution for Stream Processing.
XMLTable Index An Efficient Way of Indexing and Querying XML Property Data.
Discriminative Frequent Pattern Analysis for Effective Classification.
R-Cubes: OLAP Cubes Contextualized with Documents.
Cost-Conscious Cleaning of Massive RFID Data Sets.
Faceted Browsing over Large Databases of Text-Annotated Objects.
TCAM-conscious Algorithms for Data Streams.
On Density Based Transforms for Uncertain Data Mining.
Dewex: An Exploration Facility for Enabling the Deep Web Integration.
P2PTester: a tool for measuring P2P platform performance.
Monitoring Regular Expressions on Out-of-Order Streams.
Similarity Match Over High Speed Time-Series Streams.
On Suspending and Resuming Dataflows.
Abstract Process Data Warehousing.
K-Anonymization as Spatial Indexing: Toward Scalable and Incremental Anonymization.
PIBE: Manage Your Images the Way You Want!
Adding Context to Preferences.
Database Summarization: The SaintEtiQ System.
Efficient Skyline Query Processing on Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Super Peer Web Service Discovery Architecture.
Collecting and Maintaining Just-in-Time Statistics.
Patterns Discovery on Complex Diagnosis and Biological Data Using Fuzzy Latent Variables.
Distributed Processing of Moving K-Nearest-Neighbor Query on Moving Objects.
Annotating Structured Data of the Deep Web.
Optimizing Similar Scalar Subqueries for XML Processing in Microsoft SQL Server.
Mapping a database into an ontology : an interactive relational learning approach.
Information System Construction and Maintenance Based on Business Terminology: Experiences from the Reinsurance Industry.
On k-Nearest Neighbor Searching in Non-Ordered Discrete Data Spaces.
Indexing Uncertain Categorical Data.
ProVeR: Probabilistic Video Retrieval using the Gauss-Tree.
Using Control Theory for Load Shedding in Data Stream Management.
Efficient Maintenance of Materialized Outer-Join Views.
DeltaSky: Optimal Maintenance of Skyline Deletions without Exclusive Dominance Region Generation.
Group Linkage.
Discovering Relational Patterns across Multiple Databases.
Challenges on Distributed Web Retrieval.
Protocol Discovery from Imperfect Service Interaction Logs.
Put a Tree Pattern in Your Algebra.
Fine Grained Authorization Through Predicated Grants.
Many-to-Many Aggregation for Sensor Networks.
Structural Selectivity Estimation for XML Documents.
Making Applications Persistent at Run-time.
Monkey: Approximate Graph Mining Based on Spanning Trees.
Bringing Precision to Desktop Search: A Predicate-based Desktop Search Architecture.
Optimizing Timestamp Management in Data Stream Management Systems.
Rewriting Regular XPath Queries on XML Views.
Boundary-Based Lower-Bound Functions for Dynamic Time Warping and Their Indexing.
Updating Recursive XML Views of Relations.
Tree-Pattern Similarity Estimation for Scalable Content-based Routing.
Pushing Business Data Processing Towards the Periphery.
DIKNN: An Itinerary-based KNN Query Processing Algorithm for Mobile Sensor Networks.
Representing and Querying Correlated Tuples in Probabilistic Databases.
Efficient Top-k Query Evaluation on Probabilistic Data.
Space Efficient Streaming Algorithms for the Maximum Error Histogram.
Invalidation Clues for Database Scalability Services.
Continuous Evaluation of Monochromatic and Bichromatic Reverse Nearest Neighbors.
A General Cost Model for Dimensionality Reduction in High Dimensional Spaces.
Multiple Query Optimization for Wireless Sensor Networks.
Source-aware Entity Matching: A Compositional Approach.
Distributed File Structures in a Peer-to-Peer Environment.
On MBR Approximation of Histories for Historical Queries: Expectations and Limitations.
Clustering wavelets to speed-up data dissemination in structured P2P MANETs.
Load Distribution Fairness in P2P Data Management Systems.
X-Time: Schema Versioning and Cross-Version Querying in Data Warehouses.
Emerging Open Agoras of Data and Information.
PASS Middleware for Distributed and Autonomous XML Message Processing.
XPlainer: Visual Explanations of XPath Queries.
Index-based Most Similar Trajectory Search.
The Multi-Relational Skyline Operator.
Autonomic Query Allocation based on Microeconomics Principles.
MultiRelational k-Anonymity.
GString: A Novel Approach for Efficient Search in Graph Databases.
Scalable Peer-to-Peer Web Retrieval with Highly Discriminative Keys.
UniStore: Querying a DHT-based Universal Storage.
Information for People.
Optimizing Concurrency Through Automated Lock Memory Tuning in DB2.
Finding Skyline and Top-k Bargaining Solutions.
On Randomization, Public Information and the Curse of Dimensionality.
The Haar+ Tree: A Refined Synopsis Data Structure.
Summarizing Order Statistics over Data Streams with Duplicates.
Aggregate Query Answering on Anonymized Tables.
Preservation Of Patterns and Input-Output Privacy.
Unnesting Scalar SQL Queries in the Presence of Disjunction.
STAR: A System for Tuple and Attribute Ranking of Query Answers.
QPIAD: Query Processing over Incomplete Autonomous Databases.
Object Distinction: Distinguishing Objects with Identical Names.
A Load Shedding Framework and Optimizations for M-way Windowed Stream Joins.
Dynamic Materialized Views.
Efficient Evaluation of Imprecise Location-Dependent Queries.
Topology Search over Biological Databases.
Distance Based Subspace Clustering with Flexible Dimension Partitioning.
Blocking Inference Channels in Frequent Pattern Sharing.
Pointwise-Dense Region Queries in Spatio-temporal Databases.
X: A Cube Operator for XML OLAP.
Efficiently Processing Continuous k-NN Queries on Data Streams.
Adaptive Load Diffusion for Multiway Windowed Stream Joins.
Piggyback Optimization of XML Data Dissemination.
A Semantic Approach to Discovering Schema Mapping Expressions.
Exploiting Correlation and Parallelism of Materialized-View Recommendation for Distributed Data Warehouses.
Adaptively Reordering Joins during Query Execution.
Mining Colossal Frequent Patterns by Core Pattern Fusion.
Efficient Filter Based Replication for LDAP Directories.
Materialization Strategies in a Column-Oriented DBMS.
Dynamic Batch Nearest Neighbor Search in Video Retrieval.
Finding Top-k Min-Cost Connected Trees in Databases.
DSphere: A Source-Centric Approach to Crawling, Indexing and Searching the World Wide Web.
Disambiguation Algorithm for People Search on the Web.
Ontology-Based Constraint Recognition for Free-Form Service Requests.
PictureBook: A Text-and-Image Summary System for Web Search Result.
Parsimonious Explanations of Change in Hierarchical Data.
Efficiently Detecting Inclusion Dependencies.
Semantic Prefetching of Correlated Query Sequences.
LiveConcept: Web Search using Structured Query.
Multi-source Skyline Query Processing in Road Networks.
Scoop: An Adaptive Indexing Scheme for Stored Data in Sensor Networks.
Reducing Order Enforcement Cost in Complex Query Plans.
Transaction Isolation and Lazy Commit.
Location-based Spatial Queries with Data Sharing in Wireless Broadcast Environments.
Increasing Buffer-Locality for Multiple Relational Table Scans through Grouping and Throttling.
XML Routing in Data Dissemination Networks.
Semantic Data Management: Towards Querying Data with their Meaning.
Efficient Approximation Algorithms for Repairing Inconsistent Databases.
SAO: A Stream Index for Answering Linear Optimization Queries.
SD-Rtree: A Scalable Distributed Rtree.
SIGOPT: Using Schema to Optimize XML Query Processing.
Efficient Hash Probes on Modern Processors.
Efficient Keyword Search Across Heterogeneous Relational Databases.
MultiMap: Preserving disk locality for multidimensional datasets.
Top-k Query Processing in Uncertain Databases.
Using Queries to Associate Metadata with Data.
CPS-tree: A Compact Partitioned Suffix Tree for Disk-based Indexing on Large Genome Sequences.
In Memoriam Klaus R. Dittrich (1950-2007).
Evaluating Proximity Relations Under Uncertainty.
Top-k Spatial Preference Queries.
ICEDB: Intermittently-Connected Continuous Query Processing.
Distributed Data Stream Clustering: A Fast EM-based Approach.
Graph Database Indexing Using Structured Graph Decomposition.
TreePi: A Novel Graph Indexing Method.
APLA: Indexing Arbitrary Probability Distributions.
Online Bulk Deletion.
Categorization and Optimization of Synchronization Dependencies in Business Processes.
Complex Group-By Queries for XML.
Detection of Shape Anomalies: A Probabilistic Approach Using Hidden Markov Models.
Fast and Simple Relational Processing of Uncertain Data.
QShuffler: Getting the Query Mix Right.
Adaptive Bitmap Indexes for Space-Constrained Systems.
Usage-Based Schema Matching.
Skyline Query Processing for Incomplete Data.
NAGA: Searching and Ranking Knowledge.
Automatic Result Verification for the Functional Testing of a Query Language.
Database Support for Probabilistic Attributes and Tuples.
The Space Complexity of Processing XML Twig Queries Over Indexed Documents.
Toward Expressive and Scalable Sponsored Search Auctions.
Processing Diagnosis Queries: A Principled and Scalable Approach.
Continuous Intersection Joins Over Moving Objects.
On Unifying Privacy and Uncertain Data Models.
Probabilistic Event Extraction from RFID Data.
Rights Protection of Trajectory Datasets.
MED: A Multimedia Event Database for 3D Crime Scene Representation and Analysis.
A Query Processing Architecture for an XML Data Warehouse.
A Scalable Scheme for Bulk Loading Large RDF Graphs into Oracle.
Self-Join Size Estimation in Large-scale Distributed Data Systems.
Exploiting Lineage for Confidence Computation in Uncertain and Probabilistic Databases.
Explaining and Reformulating Authority Flow Queries.
Approximate Joins for Data-Centric XML.
Dynamic Materialization of Query Views for Data Warehouse Workloads.
An Overview of SQL Support in Workflow Products.
Distributed Monitoring of Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Preserving Privacy in Social Networks Against Neighborhood Attacks.
On Supporting Kleene Closure over Event Streams.
An Inflationary Fixed Point Operator in XQuery.
Efficient Aggregate Computation over Data Streams.
Approximate Clustering on Distributed Data Streams.
Accelerating Lookups in P2P Systems using Peer Caching.
Training Linear Discriminant Analysis in Linear Time.
Grouping and Optimization of XPath Expressions in System RX.
Querying and Managing Provenance through User Views in Scientific Workflows.
Keyword Search on Spatial Databases.
XML Index Recommendation with Tight Optimizer Coupling.
Transformation-based Framework for Record Matching.
Online Filtering, Smoothing and Probabilistic Modeling of Streaming data.
Greedy List Intersection.
Mining Approximate Order Preserving Clusters in the Presence of Noise.
SPOT: A System for Detecting Projected Outliers From High-dimensional Data Streams.
Answering Keyword Queries on XML Using Materialized Views.
Outlier-Aware Data Aggregation in Sensor Networks.
PermJoin: An Efficient Algorithm for Producing Early Results in Multi-join Query Plans.
Fast Graph Pattern Matching.
AxPRE Summaries: Exploring the (Semi-)Structure of XML Web Collections.
Mining Gene Expression Database for Primary Human Disease Tissues.
Optimizing Hierarchical Access in OLAP Environment.
MOOLAP: Towards Multi-Objective OLAP.
Privately Updating Suppression and Generalization based k-Anonymous Databases.
Continuous Content-Based Copy Detection over Streaming Videos.
Mobile Filter: Exploring Migration of Filters for Error-Bounded Data Collection in Sensor Networks.
On High Dimensional Indexing of Uncertain Data.
InstantDB: Enforcing Timely Degradation of Sensitive Data.
OptimAX: efficient support for data-intensive mash-ups.
Merging Hierarchies Using Object Placement.
Matching Schemas in Online Communities: A Web 2.0 Approach.
A Fast Similarity Join Algorithm Using Graphics Processing Units.
Scientific Data Management: An Orphan in the Database Community?
Mining Views: Database Views for Data Mining.
Scalable Rule-Based Gene Expression Data Classification.
PhotoSpread: A Spreadsheet for Managing Photos.
Monitoring Network Evolution using MDL.
Cloud Computing - Was Thomas Watson Right After All?
Correlation-based Attribute Outlier Detection in XML.
A Motion-Aware Approach to Continuous Retrieval of 3D Objects.
Implementing an Inference Engine for RDFS/OWL Constructs and User-Defined Rules in Oracle.
Stop Chasing Trends: Discovering High Order Models in Evolving Data.
On Signatures for Communication Graphs.
Flow Algorithms for Parallel Query Optimization.
The Cost of Serializability on Platforms That Use Snapshot Isolation.
On the Anonymization of Sparse High-Dimensional Data.
SpaceTwist: Managing the Trade-Offs Among Location Privacy, Query Performance, and Query Accuracy in Mobile Services.
An Efficient Algorithm for Answering Graph Reachability Queries.
Summarizing Graph Patterns.
A Hybrid Approach to Private Record Linkage.
Efficient similarity search using the Earth Mover's Distance for large multimedia databases.
DIPBench Toolsuite: A Framework for Benchmarking Integration Systems.
Optimizing SQL Queries over Text Databases.
Adaptive Segmentation for Scientific Databases.
MobiQual: QoS-aware Load Shedding in Mobile CQ Systems.
Lattice Histograms: a Resilient Synopsis Structure.
Extracting Loosely Structured Data Records Through Mining Strict Patterns.
Automatic Extraction of Useful Facet Hierarchies from Text Databases.
PageChaser: A Tool for the Automatic Correction of Broken Web Links.
LOCUST: An Online Analytical Processing Framework for High Dimensional Classification of Data Streams.
Convoy Queries in Spatio-Temporal Databases.
COSTA: Adaptive Indexing for Terms in a Large-scale Distributed System.
PGM/F: A Framework for the Optimization of Data Processing in Business Processes.
Efficient Processing of XML Update Streams.
A Hybrid Prediction Model for Moving Objects.
DescribeX: Interacting with AxPRE Summaries.
Query-Aware Partitioning for Monitoring Massive Network Data Streams.
Fast and Highly-Available Stream Processing over Wide Area Networks.
Human Computation.
MUSE: Multi-Represented Similarity Estimation.
Network-Aware Join Processing in Global-Scale Database Federations.
Querying Data under Access Limitations.
Just-In-Time Processing of Continuous Queries.
Injector: Mining Background Knowledge for Data Anonymization.
Dominant Graph: An Efficient Indexing Structure to Answer Top-K Queries.
Fuzzy Multi-Dimensional Search in the Wayfinder File System.
Graphitti: An Annotation Management System for Heterogeneous Objects.
An Enhanced Extract-Transform-Load System for Migrating Data in Telecom Billing.
Efficient Construction of Compact Shedding Filters for Data Stream Processing.
Environmental Tomography: Ubiquitous Sensing with Mobile Devices.
Sideways Information Passing for Push-Style Query Processing.
ICDE 2008 General Chairs Message.
Declarative, Domain-Specific Languages - Elegant Simplicity or a Hammer in Search of a Nail?
Faster Join Enumeration for Complex Queries.
On Monitoring the top-k Unsafe Places.
Capturing Approximated Data Delivery Tradeoffs.
COLR-Tree: Communication-Efficient Spatio-Temporal Indexing for a Sensor Data Web Portal.
Frequency Estimation over Sliding Windows.
Efficient Rewriting Algorithms for Preference Queries.
XQSE: An XQuery Scripting Extension for the AquaLogic Data Services Platform.
On Skylining with Flexible Dominance Relation.
Efficient Computation of Diverse Query Results.
Optimal Boolean Matrix Decomposition: Application to Role Engineering.
SPARK: A Keyword Search Engine on Relational Databases.
Native Web Browser Enabled SVG-based Collaborative Multimedia Annotation for Medical Images.
Auditing SQL Queries.
RiTE: Providing On-Demand Data for Right-Time Data Warehousing.
Adjoined Dimension Column Clustering to Improve Data Warehouse Query Performance.
Top-k Spatial Joins of Probabilistic Objects.
Link Privacy in Social Networks.
Efficient Online Subsequence Searching in Data Streams under Dynamic Time Warping Distance.
Spatial Outsourcing for Location-based Services.
Astoria: A Programming Model for Data on the Web.
The Database Architecture Jigsaw Puzzle.
Nearest Neighbor Retrieval Using Distance-Based Hashing.
k-Anonymization Revisited.
An Architecture for Query Optimization in Sensor Networks.
IMPrECISE: Good-is-good-enough data integration.
Mining Search-Phrase Definitions from Item Descriptions.
SMART: A System for Online Monitoring Large Volumes of Network Traffic.
Adjourn State Concurrency Control Avoiding Time-Out Problems in Atomic Commit Protocols.
Querying Complex Spatio-Temporal Sequences in Human Motion Databases.
Ontology-Aware Search on XML-based Electronic Medical Records.
Managing Biological Data using bdbms.
Model Management Engine for Data Integration with Reverse-Engineering Support.
Clip: a Visual Language for Explicit Schema Mappings.
Compact Similarity Joins.
Index Design for Dynamic Personalized PageRank.
Toward Simulation-Based Optimization in Data Stream Management Systems.
Handling Uncertain Data in Array Database Systems.
Privacy: Theory meets Practice on the Map.
Enhanced Business Intelligence using EROCS.
Mining (Social) Network Graphs to Detect Random Link Attacks.
Efficient Data Authentication in an Environment of Untrusted Third-Party Distributors.
CARE: Finding Local Linear Correlations in High Dimensional Data.
TALE: A Tool for Approximate Large Graph Matching.
Automatically Extracting Form Labels.
XML processing in DHT networks.
Building Community Wikipedias: A Machine-Human Partnership Approach.
Efficient Information Extraction over Evolving Text Data.
RAD: A Scalable Framework for Annotator Development.
Efficiently Answering Probabilistic Threshold Top-k Queries on Uncertain Data.
Skippy: Enabling Long-Lived Snapshots of the Long-Lived Past.
A Generic Framework for Continuous Motion Pattern Query Evaluation.
Anonymizing Streaming Data for Privacy Protection.
A Security Punctuation Framework for Enforcing Access Control on Streaming Data.
Fast Indexes and Algorithms for Set Similarity Selection Queries.
Privacy Preserving Joins.
Quality-Aware Retrieval of Data Objects from Autonomous Sources for Web-Based Repositories.
Satisfying Complex Data Needs using Pull-Based Online Monitoring of Volatile Data Sources.
Parallel Distributed Processing of Constrained Skyline Queries by Filtering.
Efficient Processing of Top-k Queries in Uncertain Databases.
Diagnosing Estimation Errors in Page Counts Using Execution Feedback.
Improving Information Access for a Community of Practice Using Business Process as Context.
A General Framework for Fast Co-clustering on Large Datasets Using Matrix Decomposition.
Similar Document Detection with Limited Information Disclosure.
Probabilistic Verifiers: Evaluating Constrained Nearest-Neighbor Queries over Uncertain Data.
Efficient Merging and Filtering Algorithms for Approximate String Searches.
Robust Runtime Optimization of Data Transfer in Queries over Web Services.
Butterfly: Protecting Output Privacy in Stream Mining.
Verifying and Mining Frequent Patterns from Large Windows over Data Streams.
Optimizing Complex Event Processing over RFID Data Streams.
Continuous Skylining on Volatile Moving Data.
XStream: a Signal-Oriented Data Stream Management System.
Runtime Semantic Query Optimization for Event Stream Processing.
OptRR: Optimizing Randomized Response Schemes for Privacy-Preserving Data Mining.
Simultaneous Equation Systems for Query Processing on Continuous-Time Data Streams.
Pattern Matching over Cloaked Time Series.
A Framework for Clustering Uncertain Data Streams.
Validating Multi-column Schema Matchings by Type.
Integration of Server, Storage and Database Stack: Moving Processing Towards Data.
Processing Event-Monitoring Queries in Sensor Networks.
An Algebraic Approach to Rule-Based Information Extraction.
FLAME: Shedding Light on Hidden Frequent Patterns in Sequence Datasets.
Maintaining Connectivity in Dynamic Multimodal Network Models.
Constant-Time Query Processing.
Trajectory Outlier Detection: A Partition-and-Detect Framework.
Robust Stratified Sampling Plans for Low Selectivity Queries.
Direct Discriminative Pattern Mining for Effective Classification.
Standing Out in a Crowd: Selecting Attributes for Maximum Visibility.
T-Time: Threshold-Based Data Mining on Time Series.
XML Prefiltering as a String Matching Problem.
Efficient Discovery of Authoritative Resources.
Region Sampling: Continuous Adaptive Sampling on Sensor Networks.
A Clustered Index Approach to Distributed XPath Processing.
Filtered Indices and Their Use in Flexible Schema Scenarios.
On Anti-Corruption Privacy Preserving Publication.
P-Cube: Answering Preference Queries in Multi-Dimensional Space.
Optimal-Nearest-Neighbor Queries.
Protecting Databases from Query Flood Attacks.
Skyline-based Peer-to-Peer Top-k Query Processing.
Efficient Constraint Monitoring Using Adaptive Thresholds.
Never Walk Alone: Uncertainty for Anonymity in Moving Objects Databases.
Increasing the Expressivity of Conditional Functional Dependencies without Extra Complexity.
Common Influence Join: A Natural Join Operation for Spatial Pointsets.
Sharoes: A Data Sharing Platform for Outsourced Enterprise Storage Environments.
Hierarchical Indexing Approach to Support XPath Queries.
ICDE 2008 PC Chairs Message.
On the Optimal Selection of k in the k-Anonymity Problem.
Database Exploration Using Join Paths.
Adaptive Approximate Similarity Searching through Metric Social Networks.
Handling Non-linear Polynomial Queries over Dynamic Data.
Parallel Evaluation of Composite Aggregate Queries.
What-if OLAP Queries with Changing Dimensions.
Muse: Mapping Understanding and deSign by Example.
Multiple Materialized View Selection for XPath Query Rewriting.
Randomized Synopses for Query Assurance on Data Streams.
Optimizing Star Join Queries for Data Warehousing in Microsoft SQL Server.
Exponentially Decayed Aggregates on Data Streams.
Towards Declarative Queries on Adaptive Data Structures.
Accurate and Efficient Inter-Transaction Dependency Tracking.
Secure Delta-Publishing of XML Content.
Online Failure Forecast for Fault-Tolerant Data Stream Processing.
Fixed-Precision Approximate Continuous Aggregate Queries in Peer-to-Peer Databases.
A Sampling-Based Approach to Information Recovery.
Orchid: Integrating Schema Mapping and ETL.
CASTLE: A delay-constrained scheme for ks-anonymizing data streams.
Similarity Search in Arbitrary Subspaces Under Lp-Norm.
FRISK: Keyword Query Cleaning and Processing in Action.
Designing Random Sample Synopses with Outliers.
Efficient Data Interpretation and Compression over RFID Streams.
Efficient Query Processing in Large Traffic Networks.
Efficient and Robust Database Support for Data-Intensive Applications in Dynamic Environments.
Finding Equivalent Rewritings with Exact Views.
Towards Efficient Processing of General-Purpose Joins in Sensor Networks.
Web Query Recommendation via Sequential Query Prediction.
Shaman: A Self-Healing Database System.
Histograms and Wavelets on Probabilistic Data.
SbQA: A Self-Adaptable Query Allocation Process.
Computing Distance Histograms Efficiently in Scientific Databases.
Join Reordering by Join Simulation.
A Benchmark for Online Index Selection.
Adaptive Multi-join Query Processing in PDBMS.
Self Organizing Semantic Topologies in P2P Data Integration Systems.
Efficient Processing of Warping Time Series Join of Motion Capture Data.
Distributed Structural Relaxation of XPath Queries.
Weighted Proximity Best-Joins for Information Retrieval.
WISE: A Workflow Information Search Engine.
Separating Authentication from Query Execution in Outsourced Databases.
Towards Composition as a Service - A Quality of Service Driven Approach.
Minimizing Communication Cost in Distributed Multi-query Processing.
Recommendation Diversification Using Explanations.
Processing Group Nearest Group Query.
I3DC: Interactive Three-Dimensional Cubes.
Database Management as a Service: Challenges and Opportunities.
Adaptive Scheduling of Web Transactions.
Finding Actionable Knowledge via Automated Comparison.
Effective XML Keyword Search with Relevance Oriented Ranking.
KSpot: Effectively Monitoring the K Most Important Events in a Wireless Sensor Network.
XQuery Join Graph Isolation: Celebrating 30+ Years of XQuery Processing Technology.
Contextual Ranking of Keywords Using Click Data.
Double Index NEsted-Loop Reactive Join for Result Rate Optimization.
rFEED: A Mixed Workload Scheduler for Enterprise Data Warehouses.
Online Interval Skyline Queries on Time Series.
Chameleon: Context-Awareness inside DBMSs.
Temporal Outlier Detection in Vehicle Traffic Data.
Distance Oracles for Spatial Networks.
GuruMine: A Pattern Mining System for Discovering Leaders and Tribes.
Improving Transaction-Time DBMS Performance and Functionality.
Design and Evaluation of the iMed Intelligent Medical Search Engine.
Modeling and Integrating Background Knowledge in Data Anonymization.
Similarity Group-By.
XBLEND: Visual XML Query Formulation Meets Query Processing.
XOntoRank: Ontology-Aware Search of Electronic Medical Records.
ApproxRank: Estimating Rank for a Subgraph.
WEST: Modern Technologies for Web People Search.
Finding Time-Lagged 3D Clusters.
Ranking with Uncertain Scores.
Adaptive Parallelization of Queries over Dependent Web Service Calls.
Flexible XML Querying Using Skyline Semantics.
Reverse Furthest Neighbors in Spatial Databases.
Aggregate Query Answering under Uncertain Schema Mappings.
MatchUp: Autocompletion for Mashups.
Predicting Multiple Metrics for Queries: Better Decisions Enabled by Machine Learning.
Online Tuning of Aggregation Tables for OLAP.
SoQL: A Language for Querying and Creating Data in Social Networks.
Using Anonymized Data for Classification.
Privacy Preserving Publishing on Multiple Quasi-identifiers.
An Integrated Approach to Performance Monitoring for Autonomous Tuning.
Semantics of Ranking Queries for Probabilistic Data and Expected Ranks.
Environmental Monitoring 2.0.
Probabilistic Skyline Operator over Sliding Windows.
Large-Scale Deduplication with Constraints Using Dedupalog.
Sequence Pattern Query Processing over Out-of-Order Event Streams.
iBroker: An Intelligent Broker for Ontology Based Publish/Subscribe Systems.
Progressive Keyword Search in Relational Databases.
Using Semantics for Speech Annotation of Images.
An Economic Model for Self-Tuned Cloud Caching.
Discovering Conditional Functional Dependencies.
Efficient Distribution of Full-Fledged XQuery.
Self-Tuning for SQL Performance in Oracle Database 11g.
Light-Weight, Runtime Verification of Query Sources.
Metric Functional Dependencies.
A Robust Technique to Ensure Serializable Executions with Snapshot Isolation DBMS.
Reachability Indexes for Relational Keyword Search.
Non-Exposure Location Anonymity.
Ranking of Object Summaries.
Space-Constrained Gram-Based Indexing for Efficient Approximate String Search.
Fa: A System for Automating Failure Diagnosis.
Top-k Exploration of Query Candidates for Efficient Keyword Search on Graph-Shaped (RDF) Data.
Integrating and Ranking Uncertain Scientific Data.
On Efficient Query Processing of Stream Counts on the Cell Processor.
Forward Decay: A Practical Time Decay Model for Streaming Systems.
Web Monitoring 2.0: Crossing Streams to Satisfy Complex Data Needs.
V*-kNN: An Efficient Algorithm for Moving k Nearest Neighbor Queries.
Distinct Counting with a Self-Learning Bitmap.
Outsourcing Search Services on Private Spatial Data.
Visualized Elucidations of Ranking by Exploiting Object Relations.
Exploiting Domain Knowledge to Improve Biological Significance of Biclusters with Key Missing Genes.
Power Hints for Query Optimization.
Best-Effort Top-k Query Processing Under Budgetary Constraints.
Keyword Search in Spatial Databases: Towards Searching by Document.
Efficient Table Anonymization for Aggregate Query Answering.
Exploring a Few Good Tuples from Text Databases.
Supporting Database Applications as a Service.
Study of Web Delivered Services Support Platform.
A Latent Topic Model for Complete Entity Resolution.
Differencing Provenance in Scientific Workflows.
SmallBlue: Social Network Analysis for Expertise Search and Collective Intelligence.
Search Computing.
Probabilistic Inference over RFID Streams in Mobile Environments.
Efficient Indices Using Graph Partitioning in RDF Triple Stores.
Recursive Computation of Regions and Connectivity in Networks.
Distance-Based Representative Skyline.
STAIRS: Towards Efficient Full-Text Filtering and Dissemination in a DHT Environment.
On Protecting Private Information in Social Networks: AProposal.
Weighted Set Similarity: Queries and Updates.
Extracting Web Query Interfaces Based on Form Structures and Semantic Similarity.
Auditing a Database under Retention Restrictions.
Universal Resource Lifecycle Management.
A Rule-Based Classification Algorithm for Uncertain Data.
Holistically Twig Matching in Probabilistic XML.
Efficient Evaluation of Multiple Preference Queries.
BP-Wrapper: A System Framework Making Any Replacement Algorithms (Almost) Lock Contention Free.
Flexible Recommendations for Course Planning.
Concept Clustering of Evolving Data.
Visible Reverse k-Nearest Neighbor Queries.
OPAQUE: Protecting Path Privacy in Directions Search.
A Framework for Clustering Massive-Domain Data Streams.
Secure Enterprise Services Consumption for SaaS Technology Platforms.
X-CSR: Dataflow Optimization for Distributed XML Process Pipelines.
A Concise Representation of Range Queries.
Why Can't I Find My Data the Way I Find My Dinner?
Social Streams Blog Crawler.
Privacy-Preserving Singular Value Decomposition.
Online Near-Duplicate Video Clip Detection and Retrieval: An Accurate and Fast System.
Improving the Effectiveness of XML Retrieval with User Navigation Models.
DynaCet: Building Dynamic Faceted Search Systems over Databases.
Online Anomaly Prediction for Robust Cluster Systems.
Expressive Location-Based Continuous Query Evaluation with Binary Decision Diagrams.
Holistic Query Transformations for Dynamic Web Applications.
Clustering Uncertain Data with Possible Worlds.
SAP Business ByDesign.
Dynamic Approaches to In-network Aggregation.
Mining of Frequent Itemsets from Streams of Uncertain Data.
Business Intelligence from Voice of Customer.
Design Patterns for Internet-Scale Services.
BioNav: Effective Navigation on Query Results of Biomedical Databases.
A Decade of XML Data Management: An Industrial Experience Report from Oracle.
Unified Declarative Platform for Secure Netwoked Information Systems.
Scheduling Updates in a Real-Time Stream Warehouse.
Sketching Sampled Data Streams.
FF-Anonymity: When Quasi-identifiers Are Missing.
Galaxy: Encouraging Data Sharing among Sources with Schema Variants.
Decision Trees for Uncertain Data.
Deriving Private Information from Association Rule Mining Results.
GraphSig: A Scalable Approach to Mining Significant Subgraphs in Large Graph Databases.
A Data Structure for Sponsored Search.
Shared Winner Determination in Sponsored Search Auctions.
SP^2Bench: A SPARQL Performance Benchmark.
On Efficient Recommendations for Online Exchange Markets.
Oracle Streams: A High Performance Implementation for Near Real Time Asynchronous Replication.
BinRank: Scaling Dynamic Authority-Based Search Using Materialized SubGraphs.
Evaluating TOP-K Queries over Business Processes.
Incremental Reverse Nearest Neighbor Ranking.
QuickStart: An Upfront Client-Based Design Advisor for Parallel Data Warehouses.
Sketch-Based Summarization of Ordered XML Streams.
Access Methods for Markovian Streams.
Jelly: A Language for Building Community-Centric Information Exploration Applications.
Confidence-Aware Join Algorithms.
Top-k Set Similarity Joins.
Tree Indexing on Flash Disks.
A General Proximity Privacy Principle.
Effective Feature Selection on Data with Uncertain Labels.
Topologically Sorted Skylines for Partially Ordered Domains.
Preprocessing Uncertain User Profile Data: Inferring User's Actual Age from Ages of the User's Neighbors.
Tracking High Quality Clusters over Uncertain Data Streams.
Another Outlier Bites the Dust: Computing Meaningful Aggregates in Sensor Networks.
Query Rewrites with Views for XML in DB2.
Actively Building Private Recommender Networks for Evolving Reliable Relationships.
Leveraging COUNT Information in Sampling Hidden Databases.
Routing Questions to the Right Users in Online Communities.
Spatial Range Querying for Gaussian-Based Imprecise Query Objects.
PSALM: Cardinality Estimation inthe Presence of Fine-Grained Access Controls.
A Subspace Symbolization Approach to Content-Based Video Search.
Efficient Mining of Closed Repetitive Gapped Subsequences from a Sequence Database.
An Internet-Scale Service for Publishing and Locating XML Documents.
Updates in the AquaLogic Data Services Platform.
Instant Advertising in Mobile Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Uncertain Location Based Range Aggregates in a Multi-dimensional Space.
Scale-Up Strategies for Processing High-Rate Data Streams in System S.
Deductive Framework for Programming Sensor Networks.
STAR: Steiner-Tree Approximation in Relationship Graphs.
A Static Analysis Framework for Database Applications.
Querying Communities in Relational Databases.
On the Efficiency of Provenance Queries.
The PRISM Workwench: Database Schema Evolution without Tears.
AJAX Crawl: Making AJAX Applications Searchable.
Keyword Search over Dynamic Categorized Information.
SPROUT: Lazy vs. Eager Query Plans for Tuple-Independent Probabilistic Databases.
An Architecture for Regulatory Compliant Database Management.
On High Dimensional Projected Clustering of Uncertain Data Streams.
Self-Tuning, Bandwidth-Aware Monitoring for Dynamic Data Streams.
Context-Aware Object Connection Discovery in Large Graphs.
Data Management in the Cloud.
Perm: Processing Provenance and Data on the Same Data Model through Query Rewriting.
iVA-File: Efficiently Indexing Sparse Wide Tables in Community Systems.
Resolution-Aware Query Answering for Business Intelligence.
AURA: Enabling Attribute-Based Spatial Search in RFID Rich Environments.
Join Optimization of Information Extraction Output: Quality Matters!
ACStream: Enforcing Access Control over Data Streams.
A Spreadsheet Algebra for a Direct Data Manipulation Query Interface.
Support Multi-version Applications in SaaS via Progressive Schema Evolution.
CoTS: A Scalable Framework for Parallelizing Frequency Counting over Data Streams.
Recommending Join Queries via Query Log Analysis.
Hippocratic PostgreSQL.
Scalable Keyword Search on Large Data Streams.
Contents-Based Analysis of Community Formation and Evolution in Blogspace.
Parallel Skyline Computation on Multicore Architectures.
Efficient Private Record Linkage.
An Incremental Knowledge Acquisition Method for Improving Duplicate Invoices Detection.
Frontiers in Information and Software as Services.
Supporting Generic Cost Models for Wide-Area Stream Processing.
An Incremental Threshold Method for Continuous Text Search Queries.
Automated Diagnosis of System Failures with Fa.
PLUS: A Message-Efficient Prototype for Location-Based Applications.
A Model for Data Leakage Detection.
Max Regional Aggregate over Sensor Networks.
Transaction Support for Log-Based Middleware Server Recovery.
Scalability for Virtual Worlds.
Efficient Query Evaluation over Temporally Correlated Probabilistic Streams.
Continuous Subgraph Pattern Search over Graph Streams.
Unsupervised Clustering of Symbol Strings and Context Recognition.
A Thorough Experimental Study of Datasets for Frequent Itemsets.
Mining Online Users? Access Records for Web Business Intelligence.
A Parameterless Method for Efficiently Discovering Clusters of Arbitrary Shape in Large Datasets.
Links Between Kleinberg's Hubs and Authorities, Correspondence Analysis, and Markov Chains.
Test-Cost Sensitive Naive Bayes Classification.
Empirical Comparison of Various Reinforcement Learning Strategies for Sequential Targeted Marketing.
Modeling Multiple Time Series for Anomaly Detection.
A Rule Evaluation Support Method with Learning Models Based on Objective Rule Evaluation Indexes.
Mining High Utility Itemsets.
Investigative Profiling with Computer Forensic Log Data and Association Rules.
Distributed Web Mining Using Bayesian Networks from Multiple Data Streams.
Handling Generalized Cost Functions in the Partitioning Optimization Problem through Sequential Binary Programming.
Learning with Progressive Transductive Support Vector Machine.
Online Hierarchical Clustering in a Data Warehouse Environment.
Sequential Pattern Mining in Multiple Streams.
eMailSift: Email Classification Based on Structure and Content.
Incremental Mining of Frequent XML Query Pattern.
Mining Chains of Relations.
A Hypergraph Based Clustering Algorithm for Spatial Data Sets.
An Empirical Bayes Approach to Detect Anomalies in Dynamic Multidimensional Arrays.
Spam Filtering using a Markov Random Field Model with Variable Weighting Schemas.
On Effective Conceptual Indexing and Similarity Search in Text Data.
Moment: Maintaining Closed Frequent Itemsets over a Stream Sliding Window.
A Preference Model for Structured Supervised Learning Tasks.
Indexing and Mining Free Trees.
Integrating Fuzziness into OLAP for Multidimensional Fuzzy Association Rules Mining.
Efficient Determination of Dynamic Split Points in a Decision Tree.
Using Emerging Patterns and Decision Trees in Rare-Class Classification.
Efficient Splitting Rules Based on the Probabilities of Pre-assigned Intervals.
Discovering Similar Patterns for Characterising Time Series in a Medical Domain.
An Adaptive Learning Approach for Noisy Data Streams.
Discovery of Functional Relationships in Multi-Relational Data using Inductive Logic Programming.
Towards Automatic Generation of Query Taxonomy: A Hierarchical Query Clustering Approach.
Efficient Multidimensional Quantitative Hypotheses Generation.
Evolutionary Time Series Segmentation for Stock Data Mining.
Analyzing High-Dimensional Data by Subspace Validity.
Scalable Multi-Relational Association Mining.
Objective and Subjective Algorithms for Grouping Association Rules.
Fast PNN-based Clustering Using K-nearest Neighbor Graph.
Comparisons of Classification Methods for Screening Potential Compounds.
Using functional PCA for cardiac motion exploration.
Knowledge Discovery from Diagrammatically Represented Data.
An Evaluation of Approaches to Classification Rule Selection.
Integrating E-Commerce and Data Mining: Architecture and Challenges.
Obtaining Best Parameter Values for Accurate Classification.
Text Document Categorization by Term Association.
T-Trees, Vertical Partitioning and Distributed Association Rule Mining.
Efficient Subsequence Matching in Time Series Databases Under Time and Amplitude Transformations.
Unsupervised Segmentation of Categorical Time Series into Episodes.
Attribute Measurement Policies for Time and Cost Sensitive Classification.
Speed-up Iterative Frequent Itemset Mining with Constraint Changes.
Online Algorithms for Mining Semi-structured Data Stream.
Mining Frequent Closed Patterns in Microarray Data.
Detection of Significant Sets of Episodes in Event Sequences.
Optimal Projections of High Dimensional Data.
Blocking Anonymity Threats Raised by Frequent Itemset Mining.
Identifying Markov Blankets with Decision Tree Induction.
Classification with Degree of Membership: A Fuzzy Approach.
On Feature Selection through Clustering.
Adaptive Clustering: Obtaining Better Clusters Using Feedback and Past Experience.
Heuristic Optimization for Decentralized Frequent Itemset Counting.
A Fast Algorithm for Computing Hypergraph Transversals and its Application in Mining Emerging Patterns.
Generating an informative cover for association rules.
Provably Fast Training Algorithms for Support Vector Machines.
Inexact Field Learning: An Approach to Induce High Quality Rules from Low Quality Data.
A Lazy Approach to Pruning Classification Rules.
Clustering on Demand for Multiple Data Streams.
Detecting Patterns of Appliances from Total Load Data Using a Dynamic Programming Approach.
Feature Selection for Clustering - A Filter Solution.
Mining Relevant Text from Unlabelled Documents.
Efficient Yet Accurate Clustering.
Classifier Fusion Using Shared Sampling Distribution for Boosting.
Mining Frequent Spatio-Temporal Sequential Patterns.
Using Rough Sets Theory and Database Operations to Construct a Good Ensemble of Classifiers for Data Mining Applications.
Subspace Selection for Clustering High-Dimensional Data.
Towards Simple, Easy-to-Understand, yet Accurate Classifiers.
Mining A Set of Coregulated RNA Sequences.
Improving Automatic Query Classification via Semi-Supervised Learning.
Extraction Techniques for Mining Services from Web Sources.
Neighborgram Clustering Interactive Exploration of Cluster Neighborhoods.
Findings from a Practical Project Concerning Web Usage Mining.
Who Links to Whom: Mining Linkage between Web Sites.
A New Algorithm for Learning Parameters of a Bayesian Network from Distributed Data.
Pairwise Symmetry Decomposition Method for Generalized Covariance Analysis.
ViVo: Visual Vocabulary Construction for Mining Biomedical Images.
webSPADE: A Parallel Sequence Mining Algorithm to Analyze Web Log Data.
Semi-Supervised Mixture of Kernels via LPBoost Methods.
Kernel-Density-Based Clustering of Time Series Subsequences Using a Continuous Random-Walk Noise Model.
A Levelwise Search Algorithm for Interesting Subspace Clusters.
Frequent Sub-Structure-Based Approaches for Classifying Chemical Compounds.
Multi-View Clustering.
Information Theoretic Clustering of Sparse Co-Occurrence Data.
Adaptive Product Normalization: Using Online Learning for Record Linkage in Comparison Shopping.
Iterative Clustering of High Dimensional Text Data Augmented by Local Search.
Better Rules, Few Features: A Semantic Approach to Selecting Features from Text.
Cluster merging and splitting in hierarchical clustering algorithms.
A User-driven and Quality-oriented Visualization for Mining Association Rules.
A Biobjective Model to Select Features with Good Classification Quality and Low Cost.
Convex Hull Ensemble Machine.
Using Information-Theoretic Measures to Assess Association Rule Interestingness.
A Min-max Cut Algorithm for Graph Partitioning and Data Clustering.
Text Classification by Boosting Weak Learners based on Terms and Concepts.
Adaptive dimension reduction for clustering high dimensional data.
High Performance Data Mining Using the Nearest Neighbor Join.
Incremental Support Vector Machine Construction.
Density Connected Clustering with Local Subspace Preferences.
Extensible Markov Model.
Significance Tests for Patterns in Continuous Data.
Modal-style operators in qualitative data analysis.
ExAMiner: Optimized Level-wise Frequent Pattern Mining with Monotone Constraint.
Using Representative-Based Clustering for Nearest Neighbor Dataset Editing.
On Closed Constrained Frequent Pattern Mining.
Usage-Based PageRank for Web Personalization.
Mining Molecular Fragments: Finding Relevant Substructures of Molecules.
Bifold Constraint-Based Mining by Simultaneous Monotone and Anti-Monotone Checking.
Shortest-Path Kernels on Graphs.
Telecommunications Strategic Marketing - KDD and Economic Modeling.
Ensembles of Cascading Trees.
Efficient Density-Based Clustering of Complex Objects.
Optimized Disjunctive Association Rules via Sampling.
Matching in Frequent Tree Discovery.
WARP: Time Warping for Periodicity Detection.
Segment-Based Injection Attacks against Collaborative Filtering Recommender Systems.
Summarization - Compressing Data into an Informative Representation.
Preprocessing Opportunities in Optimal Numerical Range Partitioning.
Mining General Temporal Association Rules for Items with Different Exhibition Periods.
An Improved Categorization of Classifier's Sensitivity on Sample Selection Bias.
Creating Ensembles of Classifiers.
Effective Estimation of Posterior Probabilities: Explaining the Accuracy of Randomized Decision Tree Approaches.
Making Subsequence Time Series Clustering Meaningful.
Decision Tree Evolution Using Limited Number of Labeled Data Items from Drifting Data Streams.
A Computational Framework for Taxonomic Research: Diagnosing Body Shape within Fish Species Complexes.
Using Artificial Anomalies to Detect Unknown and Known Network Intrusions.
Labeling Unclustered Categorical Data into Clusters Based on the Important Attribute Values.
Progressive Modeling.
Icon-based Visualization of Large High-Dimensional Datasets.
Is random model better? On its accuracy and efficiency.
Validating and Refining Clusters via Visual Rendering.
Using Rule Sets to Maximize ROC Performance.
Privacy Preserving Data Classification with Rotation Perturbation.
The Anatomy of a Hierarchical Clustering Engine for Web-page, News and Book Snippets.
Association Rules Enhanced Classification of Underwater Acoustic Signal.
Communication Efficient Construction of Decision Trees Over Heterogeneously Distributed Data.
Fast Frequent String Mining Using Suffix Arrays.
A Synchronization Based Algorithm for Discovering Ellipsoidal Clusters in Large Datasets.
Privacy-Preserving Frequent Pattern Mining across Private Databases.
Discriminative Category Matching: Efficient Text Classification for Huge Document Collections.
Functional Trees for Classification.
CoLe: A Cooperative Data Mining Approach and Its Application to Early Diabetes Detection.
Feature Selection for Building Cost-Effective Data Stream Classifiers.
Mining Generalized Association Rules for Sequential and Path Data.
A Tight Upper Bound on the Number of Candidate Patterns.
ESRS: A Case Selection Algorithm Using Extended Similarity-based Rough Sets.
A Scalable Collaborative Filtering Framework Based on Co-Clustering.
A Machine Learning Approach to Improve Congestion Control over Wireless Computer Networks.
Combining Labeled and Unlabeled Data for Text Classification with a Large Number of Categories.
Using Text Mining to Infer Semantic Attributes for Retail Data Mining.
LOADED: Link-Based Outlier and Anomaly Detection in Evolving Data Sets.
An Algorithm for In-Core Frequent Itemset Mining on Streaming Data.
Dependency Derivation in Industrial Process Data.
Scalable Model-based Clustering by Working on Data Summaries.
SVD based Term Suggestion and Ranking System.
On Evaluating Performance of Classifiers for Rare Classes.
Text Classification with Evolving Label-Sets.
Evaluating Boosting Algorithms to Classify Rare Classes: Comparison and Improvements.
Non-Redundant Data Clustering.
A Formal Model for User Preference.
Fast and Exact Out-of-Core K-Means Clustering.
An Agglomerative Hierarchical Clustering Using Partial Maximum Array and Incremental Similarity Computation Method.
Efficiently Mining Maximal Frequent Itemsets.
Stability of Feature Selection Algorithms.
Mining Frequent Itemsets from Secondary Memory.
Distance Measures for Effective Clustering of ARIMA Time-Series.
The DIAsDEM Framework for Converting Domain-Specific Texts into XML Documents with Data Mining Techniques.
Learning from Order Examples.
A Bayesian Framework for Regularized SVM Parameter Estimation.
Filling-in Missing Objects in Orders.
An Algebraic Approach to Data Mining: Some Examples.
Supervised Ordering - An Empirical Survey.
The Rough Set Approach to Association Rule Mining.
SVM Based Models for Predicting Foreign Currency Exchange Rates.
Predicting distribution of a new forest disease using one-class SVMs.
Categorization and Keyword Identification of Unlabeled Documents.
Understanding Helicoverpa armigera Pest Population Dynamics related to Chickpea Crop Using Neural Networks.
Generation of Attribute Value Taxonomies from Data for Data-Driven Construction of Accurate and Compact Classifiers.
A Scalable Algorithm for Clustering Sequential Data.
Semi-Supervised Mixture-of-Experts Classification.
Reliable Detection of Episodes in Event Sequences.
Orthogonal Decision Trees.
Unimodal Segmentation of Sequences.
On the Privacy Preserving Properties of Random Data Perturbation Techniques.
A Framework for Semi-Supervised Learning Based on Subjective and Objective Clustering Criteria.
Mining Decision Trees from Data Streams in a Mobile Environment.
Clustering Validity Assessment: Finding the Optimal Partitioning of a Data Set.
Gradual Model Generator for Single-Pass Clustering.
Comparing Pure Parallel Ensemble Creation Techniques Against Bagging.
Facilitating Fuzzy Association Rules Mining by Using Multi-Objective Genetic Algorithms for Automated Clustering.
Phrase-based Document Similarity Based on an Index Graph Model.
ntegrating Multi-Objective Genetic Algorithms into Clustering for Fuzzy Association Rules Mining.
Query-Driven Support Pattern Discovery for Classification Learning.
PixelMaps: A New Visual Data Mining Approach for Analyzing Large Spatial Data Sets.
Mining Top-K Frequent Closed Patterns without Minimum Support.
An Online Algorithm for Segmenting Time Series.
Discovering Representative Episodal Association Rules from Event Sequences Using Frequent Closed Episode Sets and Event Constraints.
HOT SAX: Efficiently Finding the Most Unusual Time Series Subsequence.
Automatic Topic Identification Using Webpage Clustering.
Clustering of Time Series Subsequences is Meaningless: Implications for Previous and Future Research.
Improving Home Automation by Discovering Regularly Occurring Device Usage Patterns.
Feature-Based Prediction of Unknown Preferences for Nearest-Neighbor Collaborative Filtering.
AMIOT: Induced Ordered Tree Mining in Tree-Structured Databases.
AINE: An Immunological Approach to Data Mining.
Dependencies between Transcription Factor Binding Sites: Comparison between ICA, NMF, PLSA and Frequent Sets.
Orthogonal Neighborhood Preserving Projections.
Focused Community Discovery.
Higher-Order Web Link Analysis Using Multilinear Algebra.
Time Series Segmentation for Context Recognition in Mobile Devices.
Dynamic Weighted Majority: A New Ensemble Method for Tracking Concept Drift.
Suppressing Data Sets to Prevent Discovery of Association Rules.
Making Logistic Regression a Core Data Mining Tool with TR-IRLS.
Indiscernibility Degree of Objects for Evaluating Simplicity of Knowledge in the Clustering Procedure.
Recognition of Common Areas in a Web Page Using Visual Information: a possible application in a page classification.
Mining Similar Temporal Patterns in Long Time-Series Data and Its Application to Medicine.
Text Mining for a Clear Picture of Defect Reports: A Praxis Report.
Wavelet Based UXO Detection.
Effective and Efficient Distributed Model-Based Clustering.
Ensemble Modeling Through Multiplicative Adjustment of Class Probability.
A Generic Framework for Efficient Subspace Clustering of High-Dimensional Data.
Mining Coverage-Based Fuzzy Rules by Evolutional Computation.
Hierarchical Density-Based Clustering of Uncertain Data.
Text Clustering Based on Good Aggregations.
Effectiveness of Information Extraction, Multi-Relational, and Semi-Supervised Learning for Predicting Functional Properties of Genes.
Ontologies Improve Text Document Clustering.
Concise Representation of Frequent Patterns Based on Disjunction-Free Generators.
Evolutionary Algorithms for Clustering Gene-Expression Data.
Probabilistic Noise Identification and Data Cleaning.
The Hybrid Poisson Aspect Model for Personalized Shopping Recommendation.
Tractable Group Detection on Large Link Data Sets.
Mining Ratio Rules Via Principal Sparse Non-Negative Matrix Factorization.
Transduction and Typicalness for Quality Assessment of Individual Classifications in Machine Learning and Data Mining.
Efficient Mining of Frequent Subgraphs in the Presence of Isomorphism.
Semi-Supervised Clustering with Metric Learning Using Relative Comparisons.
Discovery of Interesting Association Rules from Livelink Web Log Data.
Mining the Smallest Association Rule Set for Predictions.
Mining Temporal Patterns Without Predefined Time Windows.
Mass Spectrum Labeling: Theory and Practice.
On Learning Asymmetric Dissimilarity Measures.
Partial Ensemble Classifiers Selection for Better Ranking.
A Personalized Music Filtering System Based on Melody Style Classification.
Comparing Naive Bayes, Decision Trees, and SVM with AUC and Accuracy.
Frequent Subgraph Discovery.
Feature Selection via Supervised Model Construction.
Discovering Frequent Geometric Subgraphs.
Mining Generalized Association Rules Using Pruning Techniques.
GREW-A Scalable Frequent Subgraph Discovery Algorithm.
Association Analysis with One Scan of Databases.
Statistical Considerations in Learning from Data.
Triple Jump Acceleration for the EM Algorithm.
Predicting Density-Based Spatial Clusters Over Time.
Hierarchy-Regularized Latent Semantic Indexing.
Subject Classification in the Oxford English Dictionary.
A Dynamic Adaptive Self-Organising Hybrid Model for Text Clustering.
Partial Elastic Matching of Time Series.
An Efficient Fuzzy C-Means Clustering Algorithm.
Tree-structured Partitioning Based on Splitting Histograms of Distances.
Mining Generalized Substructures from a Set of Labeled Graphs.
Adapting classification rule induction to subgroup discovery.
Mining Significant Pairs of Patterns from Graph Structures with Class Labels.
Localized Prediction of Continuous Target Variables Using Hierarchical Clustering.
Fuzzy Data Mining: Effect of Fuzzy Discretization.
CLUGO: A Clustering Algorithm for Automated Functional Annotations Based on Gene Ontology.
Extracting Frequent Subsequences from a Single Long Data Sequence: A Novel Anti-Monotonic Measure and a Simple On-Line Algorithm.
CoMine: Efficient Mining of Correlated Patterns.
Ad Hoc Association Rule Mining as SQL3 Queries.
Finding Maximal Frequent Itemsets over Online Data Streams Adaptively.
Implementation of a Least Fixpoint Operator for Fast Mining of Relational Databases.
On Mining General Temporal Association Rules in a Publication Database.
FS: A Random Walk Based Free-Form Spatial Scan Statistic for Anomalous Window Detection.
Preparations for Semantics-Based XML Mining.
The Computational Complexity of High-Dimensional Correlation Search.
Dynamic Daily-Living Patterns and Association Analyses in Tele-Care Systems.
Mining Minimal Distinguishing Subsequence Patterns with Gap Constraints.
An Algebra for Inductive Query Evaluation.
Considering Both Intra-Pattern and Inter-Pattern Anomalies for Intrusion Detection.
An Optimal Linear Time Algorithm for Quasi-Monotonic Segmentation.
Divide and Prosper: Comparing Models of Customer Behavior From Populations to Individuals.
CanTree: A Tree Structure for Efficient Incremental Mining of Frequent Patterns.
Mining Ontological Knowledge from Domain-Specific Text Documents.
Average Number of Frequent (Closed) Patterns in Bernouilli and Markovian Databases.
Mining Patterns That Respond to Actions.
Linear Causal Model Discovery Using the MML criterion.
Learning Instance Greedily Cloning Naive Bayes for Ranking.
Mining Production Data with Neural Network & CART.
CMAR: Accurate and Efficient Classification Based on Multiple Class-Association Rules.
Classifying Biomedical Citations without Labeled Training Examples.
Mining Image Features for Efficient Query Processing.
Improving Medical/Biological Data Classification Performance by Wavelet Preprocessing.
Adaptive and Resource-Aware Mining of Frequent Sets.
Evolutionary Structure Learning Algorithm for Bayesian Network and Penalized Mutual Information Metric.
Efficient Relationship Pattern Mining Using Multi-Relational Iceberg-Cubes.
Solving the Fragmentation Problem of Decision Trees by Discovering Boundary Emerging Patterns.
Balancing Exploration and Exploitation: A New Algorithm for Active Machine Learning.
Spatial Interest Pixels (SIPs): Useful Low-Level Features of Visual Media Data.
Multi-Stage Classification.
Direct Interesting Rule Generation.
Mining Frequent Itemsets in Distributed and Dynamic Databases.
Interpretations of Association Rules by Granular Computing.
Metric Rule Generation with Septic Shock Patient Data.
Using Discriminant Analysis for Multi-class Classification.
Intersection Based Generalization Rules for the Analysis of Symbolic Septic Shock Patient Data.
Applications of Data Mining in Hydrology.
LPMiner: An Algorithm for Finding Frequent Itemsets Using Length-Decreasing Support Constraint.
Attribute (Feature) Completion - The Theory of Attributes from Data Mining Prospect.
SLPMiner: An Algorithm for Finding Frequent Sequential Patterns Using Length-Decreasing Support Constraint.
Mining Associations by Linear Inequalities.
Process Diagnosis via Electrical-Wafer-Sorting Maps Classification.
Unsupervised Link Discovery in Multi-relational Data via Rarity Analysis.
Finding Representative Set from Massive Data.
Improving the Reliability of Decision Tree and Naive Bayes Learners.
MMSS: Multi-Modal Story-Oriented Video Summarization.
Mining Optimal Actions for Profitable CRM.
Parameter-Free Spatial Data Mining Using MDL.
Predicting Software Escalations with Maximum ROI.
Discovering Frequent Arrangements of Temporal Intervals.
Improving Text Classification using Local Latent Semantic Indexing.
Inference of Protein-Protein Interactions by Unlikely Profile Pair.
Building Text Classifiers Using Positive and Unlabeled Examples.
Efficient Nonlinear Dimension Reduction for Clustered Data Using Kernel Functions.
Analyzing the Interestingness of Association Rules from the Temporal Dimension.
A Comparative Study of Linear and Nonlinear Feature Extraction Methods.
Mining Approximate Frequent Itemsets from Noisy Data.
A new implementation technique for fast Spectral based document retrieval systems.
Revealing True Subspace Clusters in High Dimensions.
Hybrid Pre-Query Term Expansion using Latent Semantic Analysis.
OP-Cluster: Clustering by Tendency in High Dimensional Space.
Efficient Progressive Sampling for Association Rules.
RPCL-Based Local PCA Algorithm.
Efficient Discovery of Common Substructures in Macromolecules.
Text Representation: From Vector to Tensor.
Protecting Sensitive Knowledge By Data Sanitization.
Learning Conditional Independence Tree for Ranking.
Closing the Loop: An Agenda- and Justification-Based Framework for Selecting the Next Discovery Task to Perform.
PERUSE: An Unsupervised Algorithm for Finding Recurrig Patterns in Time Series.
Sparse Kernel Least Squares Classifier.
Closing the Loop: Heuristics for Autonomous Discovery.
Mining Motifs in Massive Time Series Databases.
Parsing Without a Grammar: Making Sense of Unknown File Formats.
Sequence Modeling with Mixtures of Conditional Maximum Entropy Distributions.
Combining Multiple Clusterings by Soft Correspondence.
Experimentation and Self Learning in Continuous Database Marketing.
Reviewing RELIEF and its Extensions: A new Approach for Estimating Attributes considering high-correlated Features.
On Computing Condensed Frequent Pattern Bases.
Parallel Algorithms for Distance-Based and Density-Based Outliers.
H-Mine: Hyper-Structure Mining of Frequent Patterns in Large Databases.
Algorithms for Spatial Outlier Detection.
Efficiently Mining Frequent Closed Partial Orders.
Anchor Text Mining for Translation of Web Queries.
MaPle: A Fast Algorithm for Maximal Pattern-based Clustering.
Bit Reduction Support Vector Machine.
SCHISM: A New Approach for Interesting Subspace Mining.
Mining Mutually Dependent Patterns.
Automatic Web Page Classification in a Dynamic and Hierarchical Way.
Progressive and Interactive Analysis of Event Data Using Event Miner.
Structure Search and Stability Enhancement of Bayesian Networks.
Finding Constrained Frequent Episodes Using Minimal Occurrences.
A Transaction-Based Neighbourhood-Driven Approach to Quantifying Interestingness of Association Rules.
An Adaptive Density-Based Clustering Algorithm for Spatial Database with Noise.
Exploiting Unlabeled Data for Improving Accuracy of Predictive Data Mining.
Visually Mining Web User Clickpaths.
FARM: A Framework for Exploring Mining Spaces with Multiple Attributes.
Learning Rules for Anomaly Detection of Hostile Network Traffic.
User-directed Exploration of Mining Space with Multiple Attributes.
An Algorithm for the Exact Computation of the Centroid of Higher Dimensional Polyhedra and its Application to Kernel Machines.
The Representative Basis for Association Rules.
Probabilistic User Behavior Models.
Regulatory Element Discovery Using Tree-structured Models.
Spatial Clustering of Chimpanzee Locations for Neighborhood Identification.
Privacy-Preserving Collaborative Filtering Using Randomized Perturbation Techniques.
Estimation of False Negatives in Classification.
Statistical Relational Learning for Document Mining.
A New Algorithm for Finding Minimal Sample Uniques for Use in Statistical Disclosure Assessment.
A Fast Algorithm to Cluster High Dimensional Basket Data.
Aligning Boundary in Kernel Space for Learning Imbalanced Dataset.
Learning Automatic Acquisition of Subcategorization Frames Using Bayesian Inference and Support Vector Machines.
SVM and Graphical Algorithms: A Cooperative Approach.
Zigzag: a new algorithm for mining large inclusion dependencies in database.
Semantic Role Parsing: Adding Semantic Structure to Unstructured Text.
Alternate Representation of Distance Matrices for Characterization of Protein Structure.
CLUMP: A Scalable and Robust Framework for Structure Discovery.
Training Support Vector Machines Using Gilbert's Algorithm.
A Theory of Inductive Query Answering.
A Graph-Ranking Algorithm for Geo-Referencing Documents.
Mining Significant Associations in Large Scale Text Corpora.
Correlation Preserving Discretization.
Neural Analysis of Mobile Radio Access Network.
An Expected Utility Approach to Active Feature-Value Acquisition.
Mining Semantic Networks for Knowledge Discovery.
Active Feature-Value Acquisition for Classifier Induction.
RDF: A Density-Based Outlier Detection Method using Vertical Data Representation.
Privacy-Sensitive Bayesian Network Parameter Learning.
Discovery of Association Rules in Tabular Data.
Toward XML-Based Knowledge Discovery Systems.
Theory and Applications of Attribute Decomposition.
Privacy-preserving Distributed Clustering using Generative Models.
FlExPat: Flexible Extraction of Sequential Patterns.
Change Profiles.
Integrating Customer Value Considerations into Predictive Modeling.
O-Cluster: Scalable Clustering of Large High Dimensional Data Sets.
Ranking-Based Evaluation of Regression Models.
A Heterogeneous Field Matching Method for Record Linkage.
Quantitative Association Rules Based on Half-Spaces: An Optimization Approach.
Employing Discrete Bayes Error rate for discretization and feature selection.
Incremental Learning with Support Vector Machines.
Using Sequential and Non-Sequential Patterns in Predictive Web Usage Mining Tasks.
On a Capacity Control Using Boolean Kernels for the Learning of Boolean Functions.
Feature Selection Algorithms: A Survey and Experimental Evaluation.
Interestingness PreProcessing.
Multivariate supervised discretization, a neighborhood graph approach.
Exploring Interestingness Through Clustering: A Framework.
Automatically Mining Result Records from Search Engine Response Pages.
On Incorporating Subjective Interestingness Into the Mining Process.
Complex Spatial Relationships.
Data Analysis and Mining in Ordered Information Tables.
The EQ Framework for Learning Equivalence Classes of Bayesian Networks.
Mining Constrained Association Rules to Predict Heart Disease.
Bayesian Data Mining on the Web with B-Course.
Evaluating Attraction in Spatial Point Patterns with an Application in the Field of Cultural History.
TECNO-STREAMS: Tracking Evolving Clusters in Noisy Data Streams with a Scalable Immune System Learning Model.
A Clustering Method for Very Large Mixed Data Sets.
Dependency Networks for Relational Data.
Mining the Web with Active Hidden Markov Models.
Leveraging Relational Autocorrelation with Latent Group Models.
Compound Classification Models for Recommender Systems.
Simple Estimators for Relational Bayesian Classifiers.
On the Tractability of Rule Discovery from Distributed Data.
Mining Association Rules from Stars.
A High-Performance Distributed Algorithm for Mining Association Rules.
Visualizing Association Mining Results through Hierarchical Clusters.
Impact Studies and Sensitivity Analysis in Medical Data Mining with ROC-based Genetic Learning.
An Experimental Comparison of Supervised and Unsupervised Approaches to Text Summarization.
Exploring the Parameter State Space of Stacking.
Semantic Log Analysis Based on a User Query Behavior Model.
Efficient Data Mining for Maximal Frequent Subtrees.
Evaluating the Utility of Statistical Phrases and Latent Semantic Indexing for Text Classification.
Cluster Cores-Based Clustering for High Dimensional Data.
Objective-Oriented Utility-Based Association Mining.
Face Recognition Using Landmark-Based Bidimensional Regression.
K-D Decision Tree: An Accelerated and Memory Efficient Nearest Neighbor Classifier.
A Self-Organizing Map with Expanding Force for Data Clustering and Visualization.
Learning Functional Dependency Networks Based on Genetic Programming.
Instability of Classifiers on Categorical Data.
Mining Patterns of Change in Remote Sensing Image Databases.
Document Clustering and Cluster Topic Extraction in Multilingual Corpora.
Metric Incremental Clustering of Nominal Data.
Pruning Social Networks Using Structural Properties and Descriptive Attributes.
CloseMiner: Discovering Frequent Closed Itemsets Using Frequent Closed Tidsets.
A Simple KNN Algorithm for Text Categorization.
Optimizing Constraint-Based Mining by Automatically Relaxing Constraints.
Probabilistic Principal Surfaces for Yeast Gene Microarray Data Mining.
Generalizing the Notion of Confidence.
Measuring Real-Time Predictive Models.
SVM Feature Selection for Classification of SPECT Images of Alzheimer's Disease Using Spatial Information.
n Ranking Refinements in the Step-by-Step Searching through a Product Catalogue.
Evolutionary Gabor Filter Optimization with Application to Vehicle Detection.
On Local Spatial Outliers.
Supervised Latent Semantic Indexing for Document Categorization.
Hierarchical Text Classification and Evaluation.
Introducing Uncertainty into Pattern Discovery in Temporal Event Sequences.
Neighborhood Formation and Anomaly Detection in Bipartite Graphs.
A Border-Based Approach for Hiding Sensitive Frequent Itemsets.
Detecting Interesting Exceptions from Medical Test Data with Visual Summarization.
X-mHMM: An Efficient Algorithm for Training Mixtures of HMMs When the Number of Mixtures Is Unknown.
A Random Walk through Human Associations.
Mining the Web to Discover the Meanings of an Ambiguous Word.
Bias Analysis in Text Classification for Highly Skewed Data.
Supervised Tensor Learning.
Applying Noise Handling Techniques to Genomic Data: A Case Study.
On the Mining of Substitution Rules for Statistically Dependent Items.
A Hybrid Data-Mining Approach in Genomics and Text Structures.
TreeFinder: a First Step towards XML Data Mining.
DRYADE: A New Approach for Discovering Closed Frequent Trees in Heterogeneous Tree Databases.
Efficient Mining of High Branching Factor Attribute Trees.
MMAC: A New Multi-Class, Multi-Label Associative Classification Approach.
Learning Bayesian Networks from Incomplete Data Based on EMI Method.
Incremental Learning of Bayesian Networks with Hidden Variables.
Model Stability: A key factor in determining whether an algorithm produces an optimal model from a matching distribution.
Combining Multiple Weak Clusterings.
Analysis of Consensus Partition in Cluster Ensemble.
Anomaly Intrusion Detection Using Multi-Objective Genetic Fuzzy System and Agent-Based Evolutionary Computation Framework.
Enhancing Techniques for Efficient Topic Hierarchy Integration.
Mining Associated Implication Networks: Computational Intermarket Analysis.
Mining Frequent Closed Itemsets with the Frequent Pattern List.
Visualization of Rule's Similarity using Multidimensional Scaling.
Pattern Discovery based on Rule Induction and Taxonomy Generation.
A Greedy Algorithm for Selecting Models in Ensembles.
TSP: Mining Top-K Closed Sequential Patterns.
Privacy-Preserving Outlier Detection.
Computing Frequent Graph Patterns from Semistructured Data.
Estimating the number of segments in time series data using permutation tests.
Active Sampling for Feature Selection.
Mining Web Data to Create Online Navigation Recommendations.
Combining the web content and usage mining to understand the visitor behavior in a web site.
Web Cartography for Online State Promotion: An Algorithm for Clustering Web Resources.
Alpha Galois Lattices.
Class Decomposition via Clustering: A New Framework for Low-Variance Classifiers.
Predicting Rare Events In Temporal Domains.
Bootstrapping Rule Induction.
Interactive Visualization and Navigation in Large Data Collections using the Hyperbolic Space.
alpha-Surface and Its Application to Mining Protein Data.
Delta B+ Tree: Indexing 3D Point Sets for Pattern Discovery.
Classification through Maximizing Density.
Template-Based Privacy Preservation in Classification Problems.
Maintenance of Sequential Patterns for Record Deletion.
Maintenance of Sequential Patterns for Record Modification Using Pre-large Sequences.
An Immune Neural Network Used for Classification.
SUMMARY: Efficiently Summarizing Transactions for Clustering.
Mining Associations by Pattern Structure in Large Relational Tables.
Comparison of Lazy Bayesian Rule and Tree-Augmented Bayesian Learning.
Approximate Inverse Frequent Itemset Mining: Privacy, Complexity, and Approximation.
On Reducing Classifier Granularity in Mining Concept-Drifting Data Streams.
SSDT: A Scalable Subspace-Splitting Classifier for Biased Data.
Bottom-Up Generalization: A Data Mining Solution to Privacy Protection.
Concept Tree Based Clustering Visualization with Shaded Similarity Matrices.
Meta-patterns: Revealing Hidden Periodic Patterns.
A Bernoulli Relational Model for Nonlinear Embedding.
Mining Quantitative Frequent Itemsets Using Adaptive Density-Based Subspace Clustering.
Atomic Wedgie: Efficient Query Filtering for Streaming Times Series.
Using Boosting to Simplify Classification Models.
An Incremental Approach to Building a Cluster Hierarchy.
A Comparative Study of RNN for Outlier Detection in Data Mining.
Center-Based Indexing for Nearest Neighbors Search.
Association Rule Mining in Peer-to-Peer Systems.
MPIS: Maximal-Profit Item Selection with Cross-Selling Considerations.
Adapting Information Extraction Knowledge For Unseen Web Sites.
A Probabilistic Approach for Adapting Information Extraction Wrappers and Discovering New Attributes.
Hot Item Mining and Summarization from Multiple Auction Web Sites.
A Hybrid Approach to Discover Bayesian Networks From Databases Using Evolutionary Programming.
Merging Interface Schemas on the Deep Web via Clustering Aggregation.
Welcome Message from the Conference Chairs.
Welcome to ICDM 2005.
Conference Organization.
Steering Committee.
Program Committee.
Non-PC Reviewers.
Invited Talks.
Tutorials.
Workshops.
Panel Session.
Using Category-Based Adherence to Cluster Market-Basket Data.
Mining Strong Affinity Association Patterns in Data Sets with Skewed Support Distribution.
Clustering Item Data Sets with Association-Taxonomy Similarity.
Mixtures of ARMA Models for Model-Based Time Series Clustering.
Cost-Sensitive Learning by Cost-Proportionate Example Weighting.
From Path Tree To Frequent Patterns: A Framework for Mining Frequent Patterns.
Fast Parallel Association Rule Mining without Candidacy Generation.
IRC: An Iterative Reinforcement Categorization Algorithm for Interrelated Web Objects.
Clustering Spatial Data when Facing Physical Constraints.
Discriminatively Trained Markov Model for Sequence Classification.
CBC: Clustering Based Text Classification Requiring Minimal Labeled Data.
gSpan: Graph-Based Substructure Pattern Mining.
A Comparison of Stacking with Meta Decision Trees to Bagging, Boosting, and Stacking with other Methods.
Mining Case Bases for Action Recommendation.
Mining Surveillance Video for Independent Motion Detection.
Mining Plans for Customer-Class Transformation.
Regression Clustering.
On Precision and Recall of Multi-Attribute Data Extraction from Semistructured Sources.
A Polygonal Line Algorithm based Nonlinear Feature Extraction Method.
Segmenting Customer Transactions Using a Pattern-Based Clustering Approach.
Learning Rules from Highly Unbalanced Data Sets.
On the Stationarity of Multivariate Time Series for Correlation-Based Data Analysis.
Visualizing Global Manifold Based on Distributed Local Data Abstractions.
AGILE: A General Approach to Detect Transitions in Evolving Data Streams.
AVT-NBL: An Algorithm for Learning Compact and Accurate Naïve Bayes Classifiers from Attribute Value Taxonomies and Data.
InfoMiner+: Mining Partial Periodic Patterns with Gap Penalties.
Mining California Vital Statistics Data.
Postprocessing Decision Trees to Extract Actionable Knowledge.
A Comparison Study on Algorithms for Incremental Update of Frequent Sequences.
FD_Mine: Discovering Functional Dependencies in a Database Using Equivalences.
Dimensionality Reduction Using Kernel Pooled Local Discriminant Information.
Speculative Markov Blanket Discovery for Optimal Feature Selection.
Discriminant Analysis: A Unified Approach.
A new optimization criterion for generalized discriminant analysis on undersampled problems.
Learning Weighted Naive Bayes with Accurate Ranking.
An Efficient Data Mining Technique for Discovering Interesting Sequential Patterns.
Bagging with Adaptive Costs.
Sentiment Analyzer: Extracting Sentiments about a Given Topic using Natural Language Processing Techniques.
Sharing Classifiers among Ensembles from Related Problem Domains.
Mining Genes in DNA Using GeneScout.
Learning through Changes: An Empirical Study of Dynamic Behaviors of Probability Estimation Trees.
Integrating Hidden Markov Models and Spectral Analysis for Sensory Time Series Clustering.
Detecting Patterns of Change Using Enhanced Parallel Coordinates Visualization.
Frequent-Pattern based Iterative Projected Clustering.
A Visual Data Mining Framework for Convenient Identification of Useful Knowledge.
Demand Forecasting by the Neural Network with Discrete Fourier Transform.
Adaptive Parallel Sentences Mining from Web Bilingual News Collection.
A Join-Less Approach for Co-Location Pattern Mining: A Summary of Results.
On Active Learning for Data Acquisition.
Adaptive Ripple Down Rules Method based on Minimum Description Length Principle.
Example-Based Robust Outlier Detection in High Dimensional Datasets.
General MC: Estimating Boundary of Positive Class from Small Positive Data.
A Feature Selection Framework for Text Filtering.
Heterogeneous Learner for Web Page Classification.
Relational Peculiarity Oriented Data Mining.
Scalable Construction of Topic Directory with Nonparametric Closed Termset Mining.
The Relationships Among Various Nonnegative Matrix Factorization Methods for Clustering.
A K-NN Associated Fuzzy Evidential Reasoning Classifier with Adaptive Neighbor Selection.
Cost-Guided Class Noise Handling for Effective Cost-Sensitive Learning.
Dynamic Classifier Selection for Effective Mining from Noisy Data Streams.
Efficient Text Classification by Weighted Proximal SVM.
CTC - Correlating Tree Patterns for Classification.
A Pattern Decomposition (PD) Algorithm for Finding All Frequent Patterns in Large Datasets.
SmartMiner: A Depth First Algorithm Guided by Tail Information for Mining Maximal Frequent Itemsets.
Hierarchical Classification by Expected Utility Maximization.
Regularized Least Absolute Deviations Regression and an Efficient Algorithm for Parameter Tuning.
CoMiner: An Effective Algorithm for Mining Competitors from the Web.
Turning Clusters into Patterns: Rectangle-Based Discriminative Data Description.
Object Identification with Constraints.
Deploying Approaches for Pattern Refinement in Text Mining.
Rule-Based Platform for Web User Profiling.
High-Performance Unsupervised Relation Extraction from Large Corpora.
Improving Nearest Neighbor Classifier Using Tabu Search and Ensemble Distance Metrics.
High Quality, Efficient Hierarchical Document Clustering Using Closed Interesting Itemsets.
SAXually Explicit Images: Finding Unusual Shapes.
Plagiarism Detection in arXiv.
Semantic Kernels for Text Classification Based on Topological Measures of Feature Similarity.
An Interactive Semantic Video Mining and Retrieval Platform--Application in Transportation Surveillance Video for Incident Detection.
Solution Path for Semi-Supervised Classification with Manifold Regularization.
A Simple Yet Effective Data Clustering Algorithm.
COALA: A Novel Approach for the Extraction of an Alternate Clustering of High Quality and High Dissimilarity.
Optimal Segmentation Using Tree Models.
Local Correlation Tracking in Time Series.
Identifying Follow-Correlation Itemset-Pairs.
Large Scale Detection of Irregularities in Accounting Data.
Applying Data Mining to Pseudo-Relevance Feedback for High Performance Text Retrieval.
Automatic Single-Organ Segmentation in Computed Tomography Images.
Probabilistic Segmentation and Analysis of Horizontal Cells.
Mixed-Drove Spatio-Temporal Co-occurence Pattern Mining: A Summary of Results.
Dirichlet Aspect Weighting: A Generalized EM Algorithm for Integrating External Data Fields with Semantically Structured Queries by Using Gradient Projection Method.
Manifold Clustering of Shapes.
An Efficient Reference-Based Approach to Outlier Detection in Large Datasets.
Exploratory Mining in Cube Space.
Adaptive Blocking: Learning to Scale Up Record Linkage.
Meta Clustering.
An Experimental Investigation of Graph Kernels on a Collaborative Recommendation Task.
Adding Semantics to Email Clustering.
Pattern Mining in Frequent Dynamic Subgraphs.
Mining Correlation between Motifs and Gene Expression.
Intelligent Icons: Integrating Lite-Weight Data Mining and Visualization into GUI Operating Systems.
Discover Bayesian Networks from Incomplete Data Using a Hybrid Evolutionary Algorithm.
Who Thinks Who Knows Who? Socio-cognitive Analysis of Email Networks.
Probabilistic Enhanced Mapping with the Generative Tabular Model.
Star-Structured High-Order Heterogeneous Data Co-clustering Based on Consistent Information Theory.
Temporal Data Mining in Dynamic Feature Spaces.
Data Mining Methods for Modeling Gene Expression Regulation and Their Applications.
Mining for Tree-Query Associations in a Graph.
On the Use of Structure and Sequence-Based Features for Protein Classification and Retrieval.
A Data Mining Approach for Capacity Building of Stakeholders in Integrated Flood Management.
Opening the Black Box of Feature Extraction: Incorporating Visualization into High-Dimensional Data Mining Processes.
Belief Propagation in Large, Highly Connected Graphs for 3D Part-Based Object Recognition.
Social Capital in Friendship-Event Networks.
Geometrically Inspired Itemset Mining.
Finding "Who Is Talking to Whom" in VoIP Networks via Progressive Stream Clustering.
A Novel Method for Detecting Outlying Subspaces in High-dimensional Databases Using Genetic Algorithm.
Query-Sensitive Similarity Measure for Content-Based Image Retrieval.
Forecasting Skewed Biased Stochastic Ozone Days: Analyses and Solutions.
Multi-Tier Granule Mining for Representations of Multidimensional Association Rules.
Incremental Mining of Frequent Query Patterns from XML Queries for Caching.
delta-Tolerance Closed Frequent Itemsets.
Data Mining Approaches to Criminal Career Analysis.
A Novel Scalable Algorithm for Supervised Subspace Learning.
Constructing Ensembles for Better Ranking.
GraphRank: Statistical Modeling and Mining of Significant Subgraphs in the Feature Space.
Diverse Topic Phrase Extraction through Latent Semantic Analysis.
Secure Distributed k-Anonymous Pattern Mining.
A Balanced Ensemble Approach to Weighting Classifiers for Text Classification.
STAGGER: Periodicity Mining of Data Streams Using Expanding Sliding Windows.
Semi-Supervised Kernel Regression.
Using an Ensemble of One-Class SVM Classifiers to Harden Payload-based Anomaly Detection Systems.
Mining Maximal Quasi-Bicliques to Co-Cluster Stocks and Financial Ratios for Value Investment.
COSMIC: Conceptually Specified Multi-Instance Clusters.
A Feature Selection and Evaluation Scheme for Computer Virus Detection.
Discovering Partial Orders in Binary Data.
Biclustering Protein Complex Interactions with a Biclique Finding Algorithm.
Entity Resolution with Markov Logic.
Global and Componentwise Extrapolation for Accelerating Data Mining from Large Incomplete Data Sets with the EM Algorithm.
Latent Dirichlet Co-Clustering.
Adaptive Parallel Graph Mining for CMP Architectures.
Co-clustering Documents and Words Using Bipartite Isoperimetric Graph Partitioning.
Comparison of Descriptor Spaces for Chemical Compound Retrieval and Classification.
Cluster Based Core Vector Machine.
Efficient Clustering of Uncertain Data.
Relational Ensemble Classification.
Detection of Interdomain Routing Anomalies Based on Higher-Order Path Analysis.
Discovery of Collocation Episodes in Spatiotemporal Data.
Linear and Non-Linear Dimensional Reduction via Class Representatives for Text Classification.
Comparisons of K-Anonymization and Randomization Schemes under Linking Attacks.
The PDD Framework for Detecting Categories of Peculiar Data.
Discovering Unrevealed Properties of Probability Estimation Trees: On Algorithm Selection and Performance Explanation.
NewsCATS: A News Categorization and Trading System.
Adaptive Kernel Principal Component Analysis with Unsupervised Learning of Kernels.
Rapid Identification of Column Heterogeneity.
Accelerating Newton Optimization for Log-Linear Models through Feature Redundancy.
Recommendation on Item Graphs.
Direct Marketing When There Are Voluntary Buyers.
Getting the Most Out of Ensemble Selection.
The Influence of Class Imbalance on Cost-Sensitive Learning: An Empirical Study.
Fast Random Walk with Restart and Its Applications.
Gradual Cube: Customize Profile on Mobile OLAP.
Boosting Kernel Models for Regression.
On the Lower Bound of Local Optimums in K-Means Algorithm.
Dimension Reduction for Supervised Ordering.
Boosting for Learning Multiple Classes with Imbalanced Class Distribution.
bitSPADE: A Lattice-based Sequential Pattern Mining Algorithm Using Bitmap Representation.
Fast Relevance Discovery in Time Series.
Cluster Ranking with an Application to Mining Mailbox Networks.
Window-based Tensor Analysis on High-dimensional and Multi-aspect Streams.
P3C: A Robust Projected Clustering Algorithm.
Active Learning to Maximize Area Under the ROC Curve.
On Trajectory Representation for Scientific Features.
Exploratory Under-Sampling for Class-Imbalance Learning.
Searching for Pattern Rules.
DSTree: A Tree Structure for the Mining of Frequent Sets from Data Streams.
Decision Trees for Functional Variables.
TRIAS - An Algorithm for Mining Iceberg Tri-Lattices.
AC-Close: Efficiently Mining Approximate Closed Itemsets by Core Pattern Recovery.
Subjectivity Categorization of Weblog with Part-of-Speech Based Smoothing.
What is the Dimension of Your Binary Data?
Entropy-based Concept Shift Detection.
Improving Personalization Solutions through Optimal Segmentation of Customer Bases.
A Framework for Regional Association Rule Mining in Spatial Datasets.
Mining Complex Time-Series Data by Learning Markovian Models.
TOP-COP: Mining TOP-K Strongly Correlated Pairs in Large Databases.
Keyphrase Extraction Using Semantic Networks Structure Analysis.
Mining Maximal Generalized Frequent Geographic Patterns with Knowledge Constraints.
Resource Management for Networked Classifiers in Distributed Stream Mining Systems.
Mining Generalized Graph Patterns Based on User Examples.
Corrective Classification: Classifier Ensembling with Corrective and Diverse Base Learners.
Minimum Enclosing Spheres Formulations for Support Vector Ordinal Regression.
Personalization in Context: Does Context Matter When Building Personalized Customer Models?
Bregman Bubble Clustering: A Robust, Scalable Framework for Locating Multiple, Dense Regions in Data.
LOCI: Load Shedding through Class-Preserving Data Acquisition.
Lazy Associative Classification.
How Bayesians Debug.
Converting Output Scores from Outlier Detection Algorithms into Probability Estimates.
MARGIN: Maximal Frequent Subgraph Mining.
Cluster Analysis of Time-Series Medical Data Based on the Trajectory Representation and Multiscale Comparison Techniques.
Speedup Clustering with Hierarchical Ranking.
A Parameterized Probabilistic Model of Network Evolution for Supervised Link Prediction.
Improving Grouped-Entity Resolution Using Quasi-Cliques.
Integrating Features from Different Sources for Music Information Retrieval.
Semantic Smoothing for Model-based Document Clustering.
Anytime Classification Using the Nearest Neighbor Algorithm with Applications to Stream Mining.
Stability Region Based Expectation Maximization for Model-based Clustering.
Similarity of Temporal Query Logs Based on ARIMA Model.
Enhancing Text Clustering Using Concept-based Mining Model.
Distances and (Indefinite) Kernels for Sets of Objects.
Latent Friend Mining from Blog Data.
Frequent Closed Itemset Mining Using Prefix Graphs with an Efficient Flow-Based Pruning Strategy.
Mining Latent Associations of Objects Using a Typed Mixture Model--A Case Study on Expert/Expertise Mining.
Boosting the Feature Space: Text Classification for Unstructured Data on the Web.
An Information Theoretic Approach to Detection of Minority Subsets in Database.
Fast On-line Kernel Learning for Trees.
Learning to Use a Learned Model: A Two-Stage Approach to Classification.
Bayesian State Space Modeling Approach for Measuring the Effectiveness of Marketing Activities and Baseline Sales from POS Data.
Detecting Link Spam Using Temporal Information.
Confident Identification of Relevant Objects Based on Nonlinear Rescaling Method and Transductive Inference.
Lazy Bagging for Classifying Imbalanced Data.
Efficient Algorithms for Mining Significant Substructures in Graphs with Quality Guarantees.
Finding Predictive Runs with LAPS.
Mining Frequent Itemsets in a Stream.
Extracting Product Comparisons from Discussion Boards.
DUSC: Dimensionality Unbiased Subspace Clustering.
Block-Iterative Algorithms for Non-negative Matrix Approximation.
Cross-Mining Binary and Numerical Attributes.
Efficient Kernel Discriminant Analysis via Spectral Regression.
Improving Knowledge Discovery in Document Collections through Combining Text Retrieval and Link Analysis Techniques.
The Chosen Few: On Identifying Valuable Patterns.
Change-Point Detection in Time-Series Data Based on Subspace Identification.
Using Burstiness to Improve Clustering of Topics in News Streams.
Mining Statistical Information of Frequent Fault-Tolerant Patterns in Transactional Databases.
On Appropriate Assumptions to Mine Data Streams: Analysis and Practice.
Can the Content of Public News Be Used to Forecast Abnormal Stock Market Behaviour?
A Pairwise Covariance-Preserving Projection Method for Dimension Reduction.
Preserving Privacy through Data Generation.
Efficient Discovery of Frequent Approximate Sequential Patterns.
Mining Interpretable Human Strategies: A Case Study.
Disk Aware Discord Discovery: Finding Unusual Time Series in Terabyte Sized Datasets.
Incorporating User Provided Constraints into Document Clustering.
A Support Vector Approach to Censored Targets.
Supervised Learning by Training on Aggregate Outputs.
Cocktail Ensemble for Regression.
How Much Noise Is Too Much: A Study in Automatic Text Classification.
Topical N-Grams: Phrase and Topic Discovery, with an Application to Information Retrieval.
Consensus Clusterings.
Spectral Regression: A Unified Approach for Sparse Subspace Learning.
Data Discretization Unification.
Temporal Analysis of Semantic Graphs Using ASALSAN.
Discovering Temporal Communities from Social Network Documents.
Optimizing Frequency Queries for Data Mining Applications.
Training Conditional Random Fields by Periodic Step Size Adaptation for Large-Scale Text Mining.
Latent Dirichlet Conditional Naive-Bayes Models.
Dynamic Micro Targeting: Fitness-Based Approach to Predicting Individual Preferences.
A Text Classification Framework with a Local Feature Ranking for Learning Social Networks.
Predicting Blogging Behavior Using Temporal and Social Networks.
Web Site Recommendation Using HTTP Traffic.
Trend Motif: A Graph Mining Approach for Analysis of Dynamic Complex Networks.
Solving Consensus and Semi-supervised Clustering Problems Using Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
Bandit-Based Algorithms for Budgeted Learning.
Multilevel Belief Propagation for Fast Inference on Markov Random Fields.
Active Learning from Data Streams.
Depth-Based Novelty Detection and Its Application to Taxonomic Research.
Parallel Mining of Frequent Closed Patterns: Harnessing Modern Computer Architectures.
Statistical Learning Algorithm for Tree Similarity.
Efficient Data Sampling in Heterogeneous Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Lightweight Distributed Trust Propagation.
Social Network Extraction of Academic Researchers.
Mechanism Design for Clustering Aggregation by Selfish Systems.
Scalable Collaborative Filtering with Jointly Derived Neighborhood Interpolation Weights.
Exploration of Link Structure and Community-Based Node Roles in Network Analysis.
Document Transformation for Multi-label Feature Selection in Text Categorization.
A Generalization of Proximity Functions for K-Means.
Recommendation via Query Centered Random Walk on K-Partite Graph.
Binary Matrix Factorization with Applications.
Weighted Additive Criterion for Linear Dimension Reduction.
A Cascaded Approach to Biomedical Named Entity Recognition Using a Unified Model.
Using Significant, Positively Associated and Relatively Class Correlated Rules for Associative Classification of Imbalanced Datasets.
Language-Independent Set Expansion of Named Entities Using the Web.
On Meta-Learning Rule Learning Heuristics.
Understanding Discrete Classifiers with a Case Study in Gene Prediction.
ORIGAMI: Mining Representative Orthogonal Graph Patterns.
Structure-Based Statistical Features and Multivariate Time Series Clustering.
Rule Cubes for Causal Investigations.
Non-redundant Multi-view Clustering via Orthogonalization.
Analyzing and Detecting Review Spam.
Detecting Subdimensional Motifs: An Efficient Algorithm for Generalized Multivariate Pattern Discovery.
Optimal Subsequence Bijection.
A Novel Criterion for Onset Detection: Differential Information Redundancy with Application to Human Movement Initiation.
An Efficient Spectral Algorithm for Network Community Discovery and Its Applications to Biological and Social Networks.
Connections between Mining Frequent Itemsets and Learning Generative Models.
Local Probabilistic Models for Link Prediction.
Sampling for Sequential Pattern Mining: From Static Databases to Data Streams.
gApprox: Mining Frequent Approximate Patterns from a Massive Network.
A Computational Approach to Style in American Poetry.
Locally Constrained Support Vector Clustering.
estMax: Tracing Maximal Frequent Itemsets over Online Data Streams.
Finding Cohesive Clusters for Analyzing Knowledge Communities.
Zonal Co-location Pattern Discovery with Dynamic Parameters.
Prism: A Primal-Encoding Approach for Frequent Sequence Mining.
Succinct Matrix Approximation and Efficient k-NN Classification.
Incremental Subspace Clustering over Multiple Data Streams.
Bayesian Folding-In with Dirichlet Kernels for PLSI.
A Semantic Kernel for Semi-structured DocumentS.
Community Learning by Graph Approximation.
Detecting Fractures in Classifier Performance.
Co-ranking Authors and Documents in a Heterogeneous Network.
Transitional Patterns and Their Significant Milestones.
Failure Prediction in IBM BlueGene/L Event Logs.
Sample Selection for Maximal Diversity.
Semi-supervised Document Clustering via Active Learning with Pairwise Constraints.
Improving Text Classification by Using Encyclopedia Knowledge.
High-Speed Function Approximation.
Maximum Entropy Based Significance of Itemsets.
Computing Correlation Anomaly Scores Using Stochastic Nearest Neighbors.
Noise Modeling with Associative Corruption Rules.
Local Word Bag Model for Text Categorization.
Clustering Needles in a Haystack: An Information Theoretic Analysis of Minority and Outlier Detection.
General Averaged Divergence Analysis.
Unsupervised Face Annotation by Mining the Web.
A Randomized Approach for Approximating the Number of Frequent Sets.
Iterative Subgraph Mining for Principal Component Analysis.
ReDSOM: Relative Density Visualization of Temporal Changes in Cluster Structures Using Self-Organizing Maps.
Robust Time-Referenced Segmentation of Moving Object Trajectories.
Text Mining in Radiology Reports.
A Shrinkage Approach for Modeling Non-stationary Relational Autocorrelation.
Isolation Forest.
Inlier-Based Outlier Detection via Direct Density Ratio Estimation.
Overlapping Matrix Pattern Visualization: A Hypergraph Approach.
Experimental Evaluation of the Value of Structure: How to Efficiently Exploit Interdependencies in Sequence Labeling.
A Conservative Feature Subset Selection Algorithm with Missing Data.
Multi-label Classification Using Ensembles of Pruned Sets.
Interestingness, Peculiarity, and Multi-Database Mining.
Why Stacked Models Perform Effective Collective Classification.
Stream Sequential Pattern Mining with Precise Error Bounds.
Space Efficient String Mining under Frequency Constraints.
Comparative Evaluation of Anomaly Detection Techniques for Sequence Data.
Semi-supervised Learning from General Unlabeled Data.
Similarity Learning for Nearest Neighbor Classification.
Active Learning of Equivalence Relations by Minimizing the Expected Loss Using Constraint Inference.
Efficient Discovery of Statistically Significant Association Rules.
Pseudolikelihood EM for Within-network Relational Learning.
RTM: Laws and a Recursive Generator for Weighted Time-Evolving Graphs.
Start Globally, Optimize Locally, Predict Globally: Improving Performance on Imbalanced Data.
Spotting Significant Changing Subgraphs in Evolving Graphs.
INSCY: Indexing Subspace Clusters with In-Process-Removal of Redundancy.
A Novel Method of Combined Feature Extraction for Recognition.
Nonparametric Monotone Classification with MOCA.
Efficient Feature Selection in the Presence of Multiple Feature Classes.
Cleansing Noisy Data Streams.
Scalable Tensor Decompositions for Multi-aspect Data Mining.
Non-negative Matrix Factorization on Manifold.
xCrawl: A High-Recall Crawling Method for Web Mining.
TEFE: A Time-Efficient Approach to Feature Extraction.
What Sperner Family Concept Class is Easy to Be Enumerated?
Maximum Margin Clustering with Pairwise Constraints.
Metropolis Algorithms for Representative Subgraph Sampling.
One-Class Collaborative Filtering.
Document-Word Co-regularization for Semi-supervised Sentiment Analysis.
Discovering Significant Patterns in Multi-stream Sequences.
Clustering Documents with Active Learning Using Wikipedia.
Frequent Subgraph Retrieval in Geometric Graph Databases.
Scaling up Classifiers to Cloud Computers.
Measuring Proximity on Graphs with Side Information.
LBF: A Labeled-Based Forecasting Algorithm and Its Application to Electricity Price Time Series.
Clustering Geospatial Objects via Hidden Markov Random Fields.
Boosting Relational Sequence Alignments.
Anti-monotonic Overlap-Graph Support Measures.
DisCo: Distributed Co-clustering with Map-Reduce: A Case Study towards Petabyte-Scale End-to-End Mining.
Prediction of Skin Penetration Using Machine Learning Methods.
A Novel Language-Model-Based Approach for Image Object Mining and Re-ranking.
Bayesian Co-clustering.
Balancing Spectral Clustering for Segmenting Spatio-temporal Observations of Multi-agent Systems.
SeqStream: Mining Closed Sequential Patterns over Stream Sliding Windows.
On Locally Linear Classification by Pairwise Coupling.
Interpreting PET Scans by Structured Patient Data: A Data Mining Case Study in Dementia Research.
Text Cube: Computing IR Measures for Multidimensional Text Database Analysis.
Clustering Uncertain Data Using Voronoi Diagrams.
SCS: A New Similarity Measure for Categorical Sequences.
Direct Zero-Norm Optimization for Feature Selection.
Support Vector Regression for Censored Data (SVRc): A Novel Tool for Survival Analysis.
Mining Large Networks with Subgraph Counting.
Exploiting Local and Global Invariants for the Management of Large Scale Information Systems.
Collaborative Filtering for Implicit Feedback Datasets.
Collective Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
Alert Detection in System Logs.
Temporal-Relational Classifiers for Prediction in Evolving Domains.
On-line LDA: Adaptive Topic Models for Mining Text Streams with Applications to Topic Detection and Tracking.
Comparison of Cluster Representations from Partial Second- to Full Fourth-Order Cross Moments for Data Stream Clustering.
A Generative Probabilistic Model for Multi-label Classification.
Finding Alternative Clusterings Using Constraints.
Releasing the SVM Classifier with Privacy-Preservation.
Learning by Propagability.
Unsupervised Cross-Domain Learning by Interaction Information Co-clustering.
Modeling and Predicting the Helpfulness of Online Reviews.
A Probability Model for Projective Clustering on High Dimensional Data.
Filling in the Blanks - Krimp Minimisation for Missing Data.
Supervised Inductive Learning with Lotka-Volterra Derived Models.
Latent Dirichlet Allocation and Singular Value Decomposition Based Multi-document Summarization.
Cost-Sensitive Parsimonious Linear Regression.
Organic Pie Charts.
Graph OLAP: Towards Online Analytical Processing on Graphs.
SpecVAT: Enhanced Visual Cluster Analysis.
Learning on Weighted Hypergraphs to Integrate Protein Interactions and Gene Expressions for Cancer Outcome Prediction.
Evolutionary Clustering by Hierarchical Dirichlet Process with Hidden Markov State.
A Practical Approach to Classify Evolving Data Streams: Training with Limited Amount of Labeled Data.
Discovering Flow Anomalies: A SWEET Approach.
Border Sampling through Coupling Markov Chain Monte Carlo.
A Topic Modeling Approach and Its Integration into the Random Walk Framework for Academic Search.
Dirichlet Process Based Evolutionary Clustering.
Time Sensitive Ranking with Application to Publication Search.
Improving Collaborative Filtering Recommendations Using External Data.
Generalized Framework for Syntax-Based Relation Mining.
Iterative Set Expansion of Named Entities Using the Web.
A Non-parametric Semi-supervised Discretization Method.
A Robust Discriminative Term Weighting Based Linear Discriminant Method for Text Classification.
Mining Periodic Behavior in Dynamic Social Networks.
Variance Minimization Least Squares Support Vector Machines for Time Series Analysis.
Computationally Efficient Estimators for Dimension Reductions UsingStable Random Projections.
Graph-Based Rare Category Detection.
Nearest Neighbour Classifiers for Streaming Data with Delayed Labelling.
Maximum Margin Embedding.
A Hierarchical Algorithm for Clustering Uncertain Data via an Information-Theoretic Approach.
Sequence Mining Automata: A New Technique for Mining Frequent Sequences under Regular Expressions.
Estimating Aggregates over Multiple Sets.
Enhancing the Stability of Spectral Ordering with Sparsification and Partial Supervision: Application to Paleontological Data.
Computational Discovery of Motifs Using Hierarchical Clustering Techniques.
Paired Learners for Concept Drift.
Inference Analysis in Privacy-Preserving Data Re-publishing.
SPARCL: Efficient and Effective Shape-Based Clustering.
Classifying High-Dimensional Text and Web Data Using Very Short Patterns.
Sparse Maximum Margin Logistic Regression for Credit Scoring.
A Non-parametric Approach to Pair-Wise Dynamic Topic Correlation Detection.
Multi-Space-Mapped SVMs for Multi-class Classification.
DECK: Detecting Events from Web Click-Through Data.
RBNBC: Repeat Based Naive Bayes Classifier for Biological Sequences.
Nonnegative Matrix Factorization for Combinatorial Optimization: Spectral Clustering, Graph Matching, and Clique Finding.
Learning Bayesian Networks: A MAP Criterion for Joint Selection of Model Structure and Parameter.
Transductive Component Analysis.
WiFIsViz: Effective Visualization of Frequent Itemsets.
Spatiotemporal Relational Probability Trees: An Introduction.
Fast and Memory Efficient Mining of High Utility Itemsets in Data Streams.
M3MIML: A Maximum Margin Method for Multi-instance Multi-label Learning.
Learning the Latent Semantic Space for Ranking in Text Retrieval.
Fast Counting of Triangles in Large Real Networks without Counting: Algorithms and Laws.
Quantitative Association Analysis Using Tree Hierarchies.
Formal Models for Expert Finding on DBLP Bibliography Data.
Finding Good Itemsets by Packing Data.
Toward Faster Nonnegative Matrix Factorization: A New Algorithm and Comparisons.
A Joint Matrix Factorization Approach to Unsupervised Action Categorization.
A Fast Method to Mine Frequent Subsequences from Graph Sequence Data.
A Recommendation System for Preconditioned Iterative Solvers.
Mining Order-Preserving Submatrices from Data with Repeated Measurements.
Predicting Future Decision Trees from Evolving Data.
Clustering Distributed Time Series in Sensor Networks.
TOFA: Trace Oriented Feature Analysis in Text Categorization.
Web Mining for Understanding Stories through Graph Visualisation.
Multiplicative Mixture Models for Overlapping Clustering.
Anomaly Detection Support Vector Machine and Its Application to Fault Diagnosis.
HIREL: An Incremental Clustering Algorithm for Relational Datasets.
Graph-Based Iterative Hybrid Feature Selection.
Publishing Sensitive Transactions for Itemset Utility.
Using Wikipedia for Co-clustering Based Cross-Domain Text Classification.
An epsilon-Optimal Grid-Based Algorithm for Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes.
Learning Sorting and Decision Trees with POMDPs.
Local Learning for Iterated Time-Series Prediction.
Instance-Family Abstraction in Memory-Based Language Learning.
Unpacking Multi-valued Symbolic Features and Classes in Memory-Based Language Learning.
Theory-Guideed Induction of Logic Programs by Inference of Regular Languages.
FONN: Combining First Order Logic with Connectionist Learning.
Choosing Between Two Learning Algorithms Based on Calibrated Tests.
Estimating replicability of classifier learning experiments.
Approximate Value Trees in Structured Dynamic Programming.
Residual Algorithms: Reinforcement Learning with Function Approximation.
Exploration and apprenticeship learning in reinforcement learning.
On a theory of learning with similarity functions.
Using inaccurate models in reinforcement learning.
Learning Word Association Norms Using Tree Cut Pair Models.
Agnostic active learning.
Associative Reinforcement Learning using Linear Probabilistic Concepts.
The Evolution of Gennetic Algorithms: Towards Massive Parallelism.
On-line Learning of Binary Lexical Relations Using Two-dimensional Weighted Majority Algorithms.
Toward a Model of Mind as a Laissez-Faire Economy of Idiots.
A New Method for Predicting Protein Secondary Structures Based on Stochastic Tree Grammars.
Semi-supervised Clustering by Seeding.
Query Learning Strategies Using Boosting and Bagging.
The Canonical Distortion Measure for Vector Quantization and Function Approximation.
Learning to Optimally Schedule Internet Banner Advertisements.
Reinforcement Learning in POMDP's via Direct Gradient Ascent.
Scalable Internal-State Policy-Gradient Methods for POMDPs.
KnightCap: A Chess Programm That Learns by Combining TD(lambda) with Game-Tree Search.
Ranking on graph data.
Combining Nearest Neighbor Classifiers Through Multiple Feature Subsets.
Filters, Wrappers and a Boosting-Based Hybrid for Feature Selection.
Higher order learning with graphs.
Characterizing Model Erros and Differences.
Algorithms for portfolio management based on the Newton method.
Multi-way distributional clustering via pairwise interactions.
Learning to track 3D human motion from silhouettes.
Classification of Individuals with Complex Structure.
Convergence Problems of General-Sum Multiagent Reinforcement Learning.
Action respecting embedding.
Learning Recursive Relations with Randomly Selected Small Training Sets.
A Column Generation Algorithm For Boosting.
A multiplicative up-propagation algorithm.
K Nearest Neighbor Classification on Feature Projections.
Duality and Geometry in SVM Classifiers.
Knowledge Representation Issues in Control Knowledge Learning.
Genetic Programming and Deductive-Inductive Learning: A Multi-Strategy Approach.
Learning predictive state representations using non-blind policies.
Inductive Learning of Reactive Action Models.
Model Selection Criteria for Learning Belief Nets: An Empirical Comparison.
Learning Logic Programs for Layout Analysis Correction.
Reducing Multiclass to Binary: A Unifying Approach for Margin Classifiers.
On Handling Tree-Structured Attributed in Decision Tree Learning.
Error limiting reductions between classification tasks.
Feature Subset Selection and Inductive Logic Programming.
Cover trees for nearest neighbor.
Gaussian process classification for segmenting and annotating sequences.
Hidden Markov Support Vector Machines.
Graph model selection using maximum likelihood.
Multiple-Instance Learning of Real-Valued Data.
Multi-Objective Programming in SVMs.
Behavioral Cloning of Student Pilots with Modular Neural Networks.
Regression Error Characteristic Curves.
Feature Subset Selection and Order Identification for Unsupervised Learning.
Active learning for Hidden Markov Models: objective functions and algorithms.
Learning Collaborative Information Filters.
Constraint-based Learning of Long Relational Concepts.
A Nonparametric Approach to Noisy and Costly Optimization.
Multiple kernel learning, conic duality, and the SMO algorithm.
A note on mixtures of experts for multiclass responses: approximation rate and Consistent Bayesian Inference.
Tempering for Bayesian C&RT.
Integrating constraints and metric learning in semi-supervised clustering.
Fast condensed nearest neighbor rule.
An Experimental Evaluation of Coevolutive Concept Learning.
Redundant feature elimination for multi-class problems.
Feature subset selection for learning preferences: a case study.
Robust probabilistic projections.
A DC-programming algorithm for kernel selection.
Visualizing High-Dimensional Structure with the Incremental Grid Growing Neural Network.
Relational temporal difference learning.
A Minimum Risk Metric for Nearest Neighbor Classification.
Improving Accuracy of Incorrect Domain Theories.
Variational methods for the Dirichlet process.
Feature Engineering and Classifier Selection: A Case Study in Venusian Volcano Detection.
Dynamic topic models.
Robot Learning From Demonstration.
Multi-instance tree learning.
On Learning From Multi-Instance Examples: Empirical Evaluation of a Theoretical Approach.
Top-Down Induction of Clustering Trees.
Theory and Applications of Agnostic PAC-Learning with Small Decision Trees.
Efficient algorithms for decision tree cross-validation.
A new approach to data driven clustering.
Empirical Support for Winnow and Weighted-Majority Based Algorithms: Results on a Calendar Scheduling Domain.
Predictive low-rank decomposition for kernel methods.
Removing the Genetics from the Standard Genetic Algorithm.
Learning from Labeled and Unlabeled Data using Graph Mincuts.
Using Optimal Dependency-Trees for Combinational Optimization.
Semi-supervised learning using randomized mincuts.
Residual Q-Learning Applied to Visual Attention.
On Bayesian bounds.
Exploiting Relations Among Concepts to Acquire Weakly Labeled Training Data.
An information theoretic analysis of maximum likelihood mixture estimation for exponential families.
Nonparametric classification with polynomial MPMC cascades.
Combining Multiple Perspectives.
Disciple-COA: From Agent Programming to Agent Teaching.
Convex optimization techniques for fitting sparse Gaussian graphical models.
Unifying collaborative and content-based filtering.
Efficient Domain-Independent Experimentation.
Learning Distance Functions using Equivalence Relations.
A Supra-Classifier Architecture for Scalable Knowledge Reuse.
Online Choice of Active Learning Algorithms.
Predictive search distributions.
C4.5 competence map: a phase transition-inspired approach.
Learning by Experimentation: Incremental Refinement of Incomplete Planning Domains.
A regularization framework for multiple-instance learning.
Convergence of Gradient Dynamics with a Variable Learning Rate.
Least-Squares Temporal Difference Learning.
Learning Evaluation Functions for Large Acyclic Domains.
Refining Initial Points for K-Means Clustering.
Learning Decision Rules by Randomized Iterative Local Search.
Feature Selection via Concave Minimization and Support Vector Machines.
A Generalized Kalman Filter for Fixed Point Approximation and Efficient Temporal Difference Learning.
Finding Variational Structure in Data by Cross-Entropy Optimization.
Learning to Select Text Databases with Neural Nets.
A Divide and Conquer Approach to Learning from Prior Knowledge.
Efficient co-regularised least squares regression.
Preference learning with Gaussian processes.
Co-EM support vector learning.
A graphical model for protein secondary structure prediction.
Semi-supervised learning for structured output variables.
A martingale framework for concept change detection in time-varying data streams.
Clustering through ranking on manifolds.
New approaches to support vector ordinal regression.
ÉLÉNA: A Bottom-Up Learning Method.
Reducing overfitting in process model induction.
Transformation-Based Regression.
A Unified Loss Function in Bayesian Framework for Support Vector Regression.
Incorporating Diversity in Active Learning with Support Vector Machines.
Fast and Efficient Reinforcement Learning with Truncated Temporal Differences.
Active learning of label ranking functions.
Learning to Ride a Bicycle using Iterated Phantom Induction.
Using Qualitative Models to Guide Inductive Learning.
Automatic Algorith/Model Class Selection.
Automatic Selection of Split Criterion during Tree Growing Based on Node Location.
K: An Instance-based Learner Using and Entropic Distance Measure.
The Use of the Ambiguity Decomposition in Neural Network Ensemble Learning Methods.
Take a walk and cluster genes: a TSP-based approach to optimal rearrangement clustering.
A Lexical Based Semantic Bias for Theory Revision.
Challenges of the Email Domain for Text Classification.
Boosting with Confidence Information.
Learning in Non-stationary Conditions: A Control Theoretic Approach.
Sonar-Based Mapping of Large-Scale Mobile Robot Environments using EM.
Automatically Extracting Features for Concept Learning from the Web.
Learning class-discriminative dynamic Bayesian networks.
Simplified Support Vector Decision Rules.
A New Statistical Approach to Personal Name Extraction.
Experimental Results on Q-Learning for General-Sum Stochastic Games.
Learning to rank using gradient descent.
Hierarchical Models for Screening of Iron Deficiency Anemia.
Recognition and reproduction of gestures using a probabilistic framework combining PCA, ICA and HMM.
Fast Effective Rule Induction.
Text Categorization and Relational Learning.
Automating Path Analysis for Building Causal Models from Data.
Query Learning with Large Margin Classifiers.
A Comparative Study of Inductive Logic Programming Methods for Software Fault Prediction.
Dimension Reduction Techniques for Training Polynomial Networks.
Learning to Probabilistically Identify Authoritative Documents.
Improving the Efficiency of Knowledge Base Refinement.
Discriminative Reranking for Natural Language Parsing.
Using Decision Trees to Improve Case-Based Learning.
Links between perceptrons, MLPs and SVMs.
Combining Error-Driven Pruning and Classification for Partial Parsing.
Trading convexity for scalability.
Improving Minority Class Prediction Using Case-Specific Feature Weights.
Automatic Identification of Mathematical Concepts.
Learning algorithms for online principal-agent problems (and selling goods online).
Predicting probability distributions for surf height using an ensemble of mixture density networks.
AWESOME: A General Multiagent Learning Algorithm that Converges in Self-Play and Learns a Best Response Against Stationary Opponents.
BL-WoLF: A Framework For Loss-Bounded Learnability In Zero-Sum Games.
Communication complexity as a lower bound for learning in games.
GALOIS: An Order-Theoretic Approach to Conceptual Clustering.
Multiagent Reinforcement Learning: Theoretical Framework and an Algorithm.
Fast nonparametric clustering with Gaussian blurring mean-shift.
Multitask Learning: A Knowledge-Based Source of Inductive Bias.
Constructing Hidden Variables in Bayesian Networks via Conceptual Clustering.
Algorithms and Applications for Multitask Learning.
On-line Learning for Humanoid Robot Systems.
Greedy Attribute Selection.
An empirical comparison of supervised learning algorithms.
Ensemble selection from libraries of models.
Distribution kernels based on moments of counts.
A general regression technique for learning transductions.
A comparative study on methods for reducing myopia of hill-climbing search in multirelational learning.
Semi-Supervised Learning of Mixture Models.
A needle in a haystack: local one-class optimization.
Robust Euclidean embedding.
Learning to compete, compromise, and cooperate in repeated general-sum games.
Using Multiple Levels of Learning and Diverse Evidence to Uncover Coordinately Controlled Genes.
Tractable Bayesian Learning of Tree Augmented Naive Bayes Models.
Variational Bayesian image modelling.
Finite-Time Regret Bounds for the Multiarmed Bandit Problem.
Collaborative Learning and Recommender Systems.
Hierarchical classification: combining Bayes with SVM.
Learning Symbolic Rules Using Artificial Neural Networks.
Learning an Agent's Utility Function by Observing Behavior.
Using Sampling and Queries to Extract Rules from Trained Neural Networks.
Protein Folding: Symbolic Refinement Competes with Neural Networks.
A Comparative Evaluation of Voting and Meta-learning on Partitioned Data.
Learning to Create Customized Authority Lists.
IEMS - The Intelligent Email Sorter.
Hedged learning: regret-minimization with learning experts.
Latent Semantic Kernels.
Locally linear metric adaptation for semi-supervised clustering.
Bayesian Classifiers Are Large Margin Hyperplanes in a Hilbert Space.
A continuation method for semi-supervised SVMs.
Classification Value Grouping.
Machine Learning and Information Retrieval (Abstract).
On Kernel Methods for Relational Learning.
A Bayesian Analysis of Algorithms for Learning Finite Functions.
The Bayesian backfitting relevance vector machine.
Committee-Based Sampling For Training Probabilistic Classifiers.
Locally adaptive classification piloted by uncertainty.
Small Disjuncts in Action: Learning to Diagnose Errors in the Local Loop of the Telephone Network.
Exact model averaging with naive Bayesian classifiers.
Concept Sharing: A Means to Improve Multi-Concept Learning.
Learning Prototypical Concept Descriptions.
Learning Symbolic Prototypes.
Learning as search optimization: approximate large margin methods for structured prediction.
The relationship between Precision-Recall and ROC curves.
Anytime Interval-Valued Outputs for Kernel Machines: Fast Support Vector Machine Classification via Distance Geometry.
Collaborative prediction using ensembles of Maximum Margin Matrix Factorizations.
Fast Query-Optimized Kernel Machine Classification Via Incremental Approximate Nearest Support Vectors.
Hidden Strengths and Limitations: An Empirical Investigation of Reinforcement Learning.
A Case Study of Explanation-Based Control.
Structured Prioritised Sweeping.
PAC Learning with Constant-Partition Classification Noise and Applications to Decision Tree Induction.
Learning the structure of Factored Markov Decision Processes in reinforcement learning problems.
Large margin hierarchical classification.
Efficient learning of Naive Bayes classifiers under class-conditional classification noise.
Efficient Feature Selection in Conceptual Clustering.
The MAXQ Method for Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
Training conditional random fields via gradient tree boosting.
Action Refinement in Reinforcement Learning by Probability Smoothing.
Explanation-Based Learning and Reinforcement Learning: A Unified View.
Applying the Waek Learning Framework to Understand and Improve C4.5.
Linearized cluster assignment via spectral ordering.
-means clustering via principal component analysis.
-PCA: rotational invariant -norm principal component analysis for robust subspace factorization.
Bias Correction in Classification Tree Construction.
An Efficient Approach for Approximating Multi-dimensional Range Queries and Nearest Neighbor Classification in Large Datasets.
Bayesian Averaging of Classifiers and the Overfitting Problem.
A Unifeid Bias-Variance Decomposition and its Applications.
Knowledge Acquisition form Examples Vis Multiple Models.
A Process-Oriented Heuristic for Model Selection.
A General Method for Scaling Up Machine Learning Algorithms and its Application to Clustering.
Beyond Independence: Conditions for the Optimality of the Simple Bayesian Classifier.
Visual Development and the Acquisition of Binocular Disparity Sensitivities.
Lessons from Theory Revision Applied to Constructive Induction.
Constructive Induction Using Fragmentary Knowledge.
Supervised and Unsupervised Discretization of Continuous Features.
A practical generalization of Fourier-based learning.
Bounds on the Classification Error of the Nearest Neighbor Rule.
Integrating Experimentation and Guidance in Relational Reinforcement Learning.
Combining model-based and instance-based learning for first order regression.
Relational Instance Based Regression for Relational Reinforcement Learning.
Improving Regressors using Boosting Techniques.
Boosting and Other Machine Learning Algorithms.
Relevance Feedback using Support Vector Machines.
Exploiting the Cost (In)sensitivity of Decision Tree Splitting Criteria.
Design for an Optimal Probe.
Diffusion Approximation for Bayesian Markov Chains.
Q-Learning for Bandit Problems.
Relational Reinforcement Learning.
Discovering Dynamics.
Is Combining Classifiers Better than Selecting the Best One.
A Theory-Refinement Approach to Information Extraction.
Learning probabilistic motion models for mobile robots.
Using the Triangle Inequality to Accelerate k-Means.
Clustering documents with an exponential-family approximation of the Dirichlet compound multinomial distribution.
Synthesis of Abstraction Hierarchies for Constraint Satisfaction by Clustering Approximately Equivalent Objects.
In Defense of C4.5: Notes Learning One-Level Decision Trees.
Fast Minimum Training Error Discretization.
Relational Instance-Based Learning.
Learning Embedded Maps of Markov Processes.
Bayes Meets Bellman: The Gaussian Process Approach to Temporal Difference Learning.
Reinforcement learning with Gaussian processes.
A graphical model for predicting protein molecular function.
Distilling Reliable Information From Unreliable Theories.
Identifying the Information Contained in a Flawed Theory.
Qualitative reinforcement learning.
Anomaly Detection over Noisy Data using Learned Probability Distributions.
Lookahead-based algorithms for anytime induction of decision trees.
Ideal Theory Refinement under Object Identity.
A Monte Carlo analysis of ensemble classification.
Experimental comparison between bagging and Monte Carlo ensemble classification.
Action Elimination and Stopping Conditions for Reinforcement Learning.
Bounds on the Generalization Performance of Kernel Machine Ensembles.
Learning Goal Oriented Bayesian Networks for Telecommunications Risk Management.
Utilizing Domain Knowledge in Neuroevolution.
AdaCost: Misclassification Cost-Sensitive Boosting.
Fixed Points of Approximate Value Iteration and Temporal-Difference Learning.
SKICAT: A Machine Learning System for Automated Cataloging of Large Scale Sky Surveys.
Boosting Lazy Decision Trees.
Random Projection for High Dimensional Data Clustering: A Cluster Ensemble Approach.
Solving cluster ensemble problems by bipartite graph partitioning.
Online Ensemble Learning: An Empirical Study.
Relational sequential inference with reliable observations.
Learning Decision Trees Using the Area Under the ROC Curve.
Delegating classifiers.
Expected Mistake Bound Model for On-Line Reinforcement Learning.
Learning Subjective Functions with Large Margins.
Online multiclass learning by interclass hypothesis sharing.
Supervised clustering with support vector machines.
Abstracting from Robot Sensor Data using Hidden Markov Models.
Univariate Polynomial Inference by Monte Carlo Message Length Approximation.
The Geometry of ROC Space: Understanding Machine Learning Metrics through ROC Isometrics.
A Quantitative Study of Hypothesis Selection.
A pitfall and solution in multi-class feature selection for text classification.
Relative Loss Bounds for Temporal-Difference Learning.
Ensembles of nested dichotomies for multi-class problems.
Generating Accurate Rule Sets Without Global Optimization.
Using a Permutation Test for Attribute Selection in Decision Trees.
Making Better Use of Global Discretization.
Learning From Entailment: An Application to Propositional Horn Sentences.
Multistrategy Learning for Information Extraction.
An Efficient Boosting Algorithm for Combining Preferences.
The Alternating Decision Tree Learning Algorithm.
Experiments with a New Boosting Algorithm.
Learning Belief Networks in the Presence of Missing Values and Hidden Variables.
Discretizing Continuous Attributes While Learning Bayesian Networks.
Bayesian Network Classification with Continuous Attributes: Getting the Best of Both Discretization and Parametric Fitting.
The Kernel-Adatron Algorithm: A Fast and Simple Learning Procedure for Support Vector Machines.
Optimal assignment kernels for attributed molecular graphs.
Learning Proof Heuristics by Adaptive Parameters.
Efficient Algorithms for Finding Multi-way Splits for Decision Trees.
A fast iterative algorithm for fisher discriminant using heterogeneous kernels.
Round Robin Rule Learning.
An Analysis of Rule Evaluation Metrics.
Incremental Reduced Error Pruning.
Multi-criteria Reinforcement Learning.
Text categorization with many redundant features: using aggressive feature selection to make SVMs competitive with C4.5.
An Analysis of Functional Trees.
Probabilistic Linear Tree.
Local Cascade Generalization.
Discriminant Trees.
Ant-Q: A Reinforcement Learning Approach to the Traveling Salesman Problem.
Descriptive Induction through Subgroup Discovery: A Case Study in a Medical Domain.
Experiments with Noise Filtering in a Medical Domain.
A MFoM learning approach to robust multiclass multi-label text categorization.
A Learning Rate Analysis of Reinforcement Learning Algorithms in Finite-Horizon.
Regression with the optimised combination technique.
Selective Voting for Perception-like Online Learning.
On generalization bounds, projection profile, and margin distribution.
Margin Distribution and Learning.
WBCsvm: Weighted Bayesian Classification based on Support Vector Machines.
Multi-Instance Kernels.
The rate adapting poisson model for information retrieval and object recognition.
Reinforcement Learning with Bounded Risk.
Perceptron Based Learning with Example Dependent and Noisy Costs.
Learning Relational Concepts with Decision Trees.
An Incremental Learning Approach for Completable Planning.
Learning User Evaluation Functions for Adaptive Scheduling Assistance.
Learning Probabilistic Models of Relational Structure.
Closed-form dual perturb and combine for tree-based models.
Kernelizing the output of tree-based methods.
Using Error-Correcting Codes for Text Classification.
Combining Labeled and Unlabeled Data for MultiClass Text Categorization.
Hypertext Categorization using Hyperlink Patterns and Meta Data.
Continuous-Time Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
Hierarchically Optimal Average Reward Reinforcement Learning.
Hierarchical Policy Gradient Algorithms.
Margin based feature selection - theory and algorithms.
On Some Misbehaviour of Back-Propagation with Non-Normalized RBFNs and a Solution.
Analyzing Relational Learning in the Phase Transition Framework.
Learning Disjunctive Concepts by Means of Genetic Algorithms.
Hierarchic Bayesian models for kernel learning.
Evolutionary Search, Stochastic Policies with Memory, and Reinforcement Learning with Hidden State.
Nightmare at test time: robust learning by feature deletion.
Sufficient Dimensionality Reduction - A novel Analysis Method.
Online feature selection for pixel classification.
A Unified Decomposition of Ensemble Loss for Predicting Ensemble Performance.
On-Line Adaptation of a Signal Predistorter through Dual Reinforcement Learning.
Learning Multiple Models for Reward Maximization.
Tractable learning of large Bayes net structures from sparse data.
Applying Winnow to Context-Sensitive Spelling Correction.
A Theoretical and Empirical Study of a Noise-Tolerant Algorithm to Learn Geormetric Patterns.
Enhancing Supervised Learning with Unlabeled Data.
Graph-Based Relational Concept Learning.
Stable Function Approximation in Dynamic Programming.
Well-Behaved Borgs, Bolos, and Berserkers.
Learning Filaments.
Nonparametric Statistical Methods for Experimental Evaluations of Speedup Learning.
A choice model with infinitely many latent features.
Solving Noisy Linear Operator Equations by Gaussian Processes: Application to Ordinary and Partial Differential Equations.
Parameter space exploration with Gaussian process trees.
Learning Search Control Knowledge for Deep Space Network Scheduling.
Connectionist temporal classification: labelling unsegmented sequence data with recurrent neural networks.
Practical solutions to the problem of diagonal dominance in kernel document clustering.
Correlated Q-Learning.
The Challenge of Revising an Impure Theory.
Exploiting the Omission of Irrelevant Data.
Learning Active Classifiers.
Learning strategies for story comprehension: a reinforcement learning approach.
Speeding-up Nearest Neighbour Memories: The Template Tree Case Memory Organisation.
Learning Bayesian network classifiers by maximizing conditional likelihood.
Localizing Policy Gradient Estimates to Action Transition.
Near-optimal sensor placements in Gaussian processes.
Coordinated Reinforcement Learning.
Algorithm-Directed Exploration for Model-Based Reinforcement Learning in Factored MDPs.
Robust one-class clustering using hybrid global and local search.
Fast transpose methods for kernel learning on sparse data.
Correlation-based Feature Selection for Discrete and Numeric Class Machine Learning.
Learning Curved Multinomial Subfamilies for Natural Language Processing and Information Retrieval.
A kernel view of the dimensionality reduction of manifolds.
Bayesian approaches to failure prediction for disk drives.
An analysis of graph cut size for transductive learning.
A theoretical characterization of linear SVM-based feature selection.
Boosting a Strong Learner: Evidence Against the Minimum Margin.
Online Ranking/Collaborative Filtering Using the Perceptron Algorithm.
Statistical and computational analysis of locality preserving projection.
Learning With Bayesian Networks (Abstract).
Consideration of Risk in Reinformance Learning.
Intrinsic dimensionality estimation of submanifolds in R.
Symbiosis in Multimodal Concept Learning.
Background Knowledge in GA-based Concept Learning.
Bayesian hierarchical clustering.
On-Line Portfolio Selection Using Multiplicative Updates.
Discovering Hierarchy in Reinforcement Learning with HEXQ.
Online learning over graphs.
Tracking the Best Expert.
Optimising area under the ROC curve using gradient descent.
Boosting margin based distance functions for clustering.
Learning a kernel function for classification with small training samples.
Empirical Bayes for Learning to Learn.
Solving a Huge Number of Similar Tasks: A Combination of Multi-Task Learning and a Hierarchical Bayesian Approach.
Adapting two-class support vector classification methods to many class problems.
Batch mode active learning and its application to medical image classification.
Hidden process models.
General Loss Bounds for Universal Sequence Prediction.
Looping suffix tree-based inference of partially observable hidden state.
Generalization under Implication by Recursive Anti-unification.
Meta-Learning for Phonemic Annotation of Corpora.
Multi-class protein fold recognition using adaptive codes.
An Integrated Connectionist Approach to Reinforcement Learning for Robotic Control.
Distributed Robotic Learning: Adaptive Behavior Acquisition for Distributed Autonomous Swimming Robot in Real World.
Data as Ensembles of Records: Representation and Comparison.
Learning approximate preconditions for methods in hierarchical plans.
Why Discretization Works for Naive Bayesian Classifiers.
Evaluating machine learning for information extraction.
Rule Introduction for Semantic Query Optimization.
Goal-directed Learning to Fly.
Non-Linear Decision Trees - NDT.
Detecting Motifs from Sequences.
Expectation Maximization for Weakly Labeled Data.
Ranking individuals by group comparisons.
Probabilistic Classifiers and the Concepts They Recognize.
Learning Declarative Control Rules for Constraint-BAsed Planning.
On No-Regret Learning, Fictitious Play, and Nash Equilibrium.
Learning large margin classifiers locally and globally.
Testing the significance of attribute interactions.
Learning Procedures from Interactive Natural Language Instructions.
Learning and discovery of predictive state representations in dynamical systems with reset.
Ensembles of biased classifiers.
Boosting grammatical inference with confidence oracles.
Negative Robust Learning Results from Horn Claus Programs.
Multi-task feature and kernel selection for SVMs.
A spatio-temporal extension to Isomap nonlinear dimension reduction.
Linkage and Autocorrelation Cause Feature Selection Bias in Relational Learning.
Avoiding Bias when Aggregating Relational Data with Degree Disparity.
Some Theoretical Aspects of Boosting in the Presence of Noisy Data.
Approximate Dimension Equalization in Vector-based Information Retrieval.
Learn to weight terms in information retrieval using category information.
Learning to Select Good Title Words: An New Approach based on Reverse Information Retrieval.
Robust feature induction for support vector machines.
A Faster Iterative Scaling Algorithm for Conditional Exponential Model.
A smoothed boosting algorithm using probabilistic output codes.
Efficient discriminative learning of Bayesian network classifier via boosted augmented naive Bayes.
Estimating the Generalization Performance of an SVM Efficiently.
Transductive Learning via Spectral Graph Partitioning.
A support vector method for multivariate performance measures.
A Probabilistic Analysis of the Rocchio Algorithm with TFIDF for Text Categorization.
Transductive Inference for Text Classification using Support Vector Machines.
Composite Kernels for Hypertext Categorisation.
Error bounds for correlation clustering.
Interactive learning of mappings from visual percepts to actions.
Irrelevant Features and the Subset Selection Problem.
Evolving Strategies for Focused Web Crawling.
A causal approach to hierarchical decomposition of factored MDPs.
A Statistical Approach to Decision Tree Modeling.
Supervised Learning and Divide-and-Conquer: A Statistical Approach.
State-based Classification of Finger Gestures from Electromyographic Signals.
Estimating relatedness via data compression.
Coevolutionary Learning: A Case Study.
A comparison of tight generalization error bounds.
Learning Comprehensible Descriptions of Multivariate Time Series.
Hierarchical Learning in Stochastic Domains: Preliminary Results.
Bias Plus Variance Decomposition for Zero-One Loss Functions.
Exploration in Metric State Spaces.
Approximately Optimal Approximate Reinforcement Learning.
An Alternate Objective Function for Markovian Fields.
Representational Issues in Meta-Learning.
Interpreting and Extending Classical Agglomerative Clustering Algorithms using a Model-Based approach.
Kernels for Semi-Structured Data.
Kernel-based discriminative learning algorithms for labeling sequences, trees, and graphs.
Marginalized Kernels Between Labeled Graphs.
Informative Discriminant Analysis.
A Universal Generalization for Temporal-Difference Learning Using Haar Basis Functions.
MultiStage Cascading of Multiple Classifiers: One Man's Noise is Another Man's Data.
A Fast, Bottom-Up Decision Tree Pruning Algorithm with Near-Optimal Generalization.
Near-Optimal Reinforcement Learning in Polynominal Time.
Generalized LARS as an effective feature selection tool for text classification with SVMs.
A Fast Dual Algorithm for Kernel Logistic Regression.
Automatic basis function construction for approximate dynamic programming and reinforcement learning.
Characteristics of Long-term Learning in Soar and its Application to the Utility Problem.
Pseudo-convergent Q-Learning by Competitive Pricebots.
Bellman goes relational.
Learning Horn Expressions with LogAn-H.
Personalized handwriting recognition via biased regularization.
Feature Construction with Version Spaces for Biochemical Applications.
An Efficient Subsumption Algorithm for Inductive Logic Programming.
Region-based value iteration for partially observable Markov decision processes.
A Bayesian Approach to Temporal Data Clustering using Hidden Markov Models.
Data association for topic intensity tracking.
Gradient LASSO for feature selection.
Leveraging the margin more carefully.
Optimal kernel selection in Kernel Fisher discriminant analysis.
Pareto optimal linear classification.
Pairwise Comparison of Hypotheses in Evolutionary Learning.
Learning Bayesian Networks for Diverse and Varying numbers of Evidence Sets.
Visual Learning by Evolutionary Feature Synthesis.
Constraining Learning with Search Control.
Boosting Noisy Data.
An Analysis of Actor/Critic Algorithms Using Eligibility Traces: Reinforcement Learning with Imperfect Value Function.
Learning to Make Rent-to-Buy Decisions with Systems Applications.
Efficient Non-Linear Control by Combining Q-learning with Local Linear Controllers.
Classification of Text Documents Based on Minimum System Entropy.
Reinforcement Learning in POMDPs with Function Approximation.
Reinforcement Learning by Stochastic Hill Climbing on Discounted Reward.
Second Tier for Decision Trees.
Unsupervised Learning with Permuted Data.
Voting Nearest-Neighbor Subclassifiers.
Fast particle smoothing: if I had a million particles.
Addressing the Curse of Imbalanced Training Sets: One-Sided Selection.
Discriminative Gaussian Mixture Models: A Comparison with Kernel Classifiers.
Finding Underlying Connections: A Fast Graph-Based Method for Link Analysis and Collaboration Queries.
From Instance-level Constraints to Space-Level Constraints: Making the Most of Prior Knowledge in Data Clustering.
The Significance of Temporal-Difference Learning in Self-Play Training TD-Rummy versus EVO-rummy.
Multiclass boosting with repartitioning.
Detecting Concept Drift with Support Vector Machines.
Semi-supervised graph clustering: a kernel approach.
Learning low-rank kernel matrices.
Passive Distance Learning for Robot Navigation.
Learning with Idealized Kernels.
Autmatic Parameter Selection by Minimizing Estimated Error.
The Pre-Image Problem in Kernel Methods.
Option Decision Trees with Majority Votes.
Improving Accuracy and Cost of Two-class and Multi-class Probabilistic Classifiers Using ROC Curves.
Computational aspects of Bayesian partition models.
Conditional Random Fields: Probabilistic Models for Segmenting and Labeling Sequence Data.
Learning the structure of Markov logic networks.
Kernel conditional random fields: representation and clique selection.
Sparse cooperative Q-learning.
Algorithm Selection using Reinforcement Learning.
Reinforcement Learning as Classification: Leveraging Modern Classifiers.
Using Learning for Approximation in Stochastic Processes.
Toward Optimal Feature Selection.
A brain computer interface with online feedback based on magnetoencephalography.
Hierarchically Classifying Documents Using Very Few Words.
Using additive expert ensembles to cope with concept drift.
Learning the Kernel Matrix with Semi-Definite Programming.
A Dynamic Adaptation of AD-trees for Efficient Machine Learning on Large Data Sets.
Data Reduction Techniques for Instance-Based Learning from Human/Computer Interface Data.
A Kernel Between Sets of Vectors.
NewsWeeder: Learning to Filter Netnews.
Diffusion Kernels on Graphs and Other Discrete Input Spaces.
Hill Climbing Beats Genetic Search on a Boolean Circuit Synthesis Problem of Koza's.
Error-Correcting Output Coding Corrects Bias and Variance.
Combining Trainig Set and Test Set Bounds.
Autonomous shaping: knowledge transfer in reinforcement learning.
An Improved Predictive Accuracy Bound for Averaging Classifiers.
Relating reinforcement learning performance to classification performance.
Authorship verification as a one-class classification problem.
Competitive Analysis of the Explore/Exploit Tradeoff.
Getting the Most from Flawed Theories.
Crafting Papers on Machine Learning.
Robust Induction of Process Models from Time-Series Data.
Case-Based Acquisition of Place Knowledge.
Tractable Average-Case Analysis of Naive Bayesian Classifiers.
Inducing Process Models from Continuous Data.
On the Learnability of the Uncomputable.
Adjusting the Outputs of a Classifier to New a Priori Probabilities May Significantly Improve Classification Accuracy: Evidence from a multi-class problem in remote sensing.
Version Space Algebra and its Application to Programming by Demonstration.
Reinforcement Learning and Shaping: Encouraging Intended Behaviors.
The Influence of Reward on the Speed of Reinforcement Learning: An Analysis of Shaping.
An Algorithm for Distributed Reinforcement Learning in Cooperative Multi-Agent Systems.
PAC-Bayes risk bounds for sample-compressed Gibbs classifiers.
Local distance preservation in the GP-LVM through back constraints.
Learning to learn with the informative vector machine.
Estimating a Kernel Fisher Discriminant in the Presence of Label Noise.
Heteroscedastic Gaussian process regression.
Simpler knowledge-based support vector machines.
Cranking: Combining Rankings Using Conditional Probability Models on Permutations.
Hyperplane margin classifiers on the multinomial manifold.
Learning to Share Distributed Probabilistic Beliefs.
Using query-specific variance estimates to combine Bayesian classifiers.
Learning with Positive and Unlabeled Examples Using Weighted Logistic Regression.
Probabilistic tangent subspace: a unified view.
A probabilistic model for text kernels.
Predicting relative performance of classifiers from samples.
Learning Hierarchical Performance Knowledge by Observation.
Efficient MAP approximation for dense energy functions.
Linear Programming Boosting for Uneven Datasets.
Heterogenous Uncertainty Sampling for Supervised Learning.
Nonstationary kernel combination.
The uniqueness of a good optimum for K-means.
Pachinko allocation: DAG-structured mixture models of topic correlations.
Efficient Mining from Large Databases by Query Learning.
Entropy-based criterion in categorical clustering.
The Space of Jumping Emerging Patterns and Its Incremental Maintenance Algorithms.
Automatic Rule Acquisition for Spelling Correction.
Text Classification Using Stochastic Keyword Generation.
An Accelerated Chow and Liu Algorithm: Fitting Tree Distributions to High-Dimensional Sparse Data.
A Loss Function Analysis for Classification Methods in Text Categorization.
Data Mining and Machine Learning (Abstract).
The Perceptron Algorithm with Uneven Margins.
Dynamic abstraction in reinforcement learning via clustering.
Logistic regression with an auxiliary data source.
Diverse ensembles for active learning.
Kernel information embeddings.
Scaling Up Reinforcement Learning for Robot Control.
Weighted decomposition kernels.
An Information-Theoretic Definition of Similarity.
The cross entropy method for classification.
The Cross Entropy Method for Fast Policy Search.
Bias and variance in value function estimation.
Decision Tree with Better Ranking.
Pessimistic decision tree pruning based Continuous-time.
Decision trees with minimal costs.
Preventing "Overfitting" of Cross-Validation Data.
Structural Machine Learning with Galois Lattice and Graphs.
Learning with the Set Covering Machine.
Comparing Several Linear-threshold Learning Algorithms on Tasks Involving Superfluous Attributes.
The Set Covering Machine with Data-Dependent Half-Spaces.
Friend-or-Foe Q-learning in General-Sum Games.
Learning to Locate an Object in 3D Space from a Sequence of Camera Images.
Markov Games as a Framework for Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning.
Bootstrap Methods for the Cost-Sensitive Evaluation of Classifiers.
Learning Policies for Partially Observable Environments: Scaling Up.
Pruning Adaptive Boosting.
Learning a Language-Independent Representation for Terms from a Partially Aligned Corpus.
A Generalized Reinforcement-Learning Model: Convergence and Applications.
Using EM to Learn 3D Models of Indoor Environments with Mobile Robots.
An Evaluation on Feature Selection for Text Clustering.
Partially Supervised Classification of Text Documents.
The multiple multiplicative factor model for collaborative filtering.
Feature Selection with Selective Sampling.
Multiple-Instance Learning for Natural Scene Classification.
A Probabilistic Approach to Feature Selection - A Filter Solution.
Predicting protein folds with structural repeats using a chain graph model.
Inducing Partially-Defined Instances with Evolutionary Algorithms.
Pruning in ordered bagging ensembles.
Using Eligibility Traces to Find the Best Memoryless Policy in Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes.
Coupled Clustering: a Method for Detecting Structural Correspondence.
Unsupervised evidence integration.
Spectral clustering for multi-type relational data.
Reward Functions for Accelerated Learning.
Naive Bayes models for probability estimation.
ARCCHNID: Adaptive Retrieval Agents Choosing Heuristic Neighborhoods.
Link-based Classification.
Investigating the Maximum Likelihood Alternative to TD(lambda).
Combined central and subspace clustering for computer vision applications.
Increasing the Performance and Consistency of Classification Trees by Using the Accuracy Criterion at the Leaves.
On the Decomposition of Polychotomies into Dichotomies.
A Necessary Condition of Convergence for Reinforcement Learning with Function Approximation.
The Generate, Test, and Explain Discovery System Architecture.
Efficient Learning with Virtual Threshold Gates.
Learning high-order MRF priors of color images.
Overcoming Incomplete Perception with Util Distinction Memory.
ROC confidence bands: an empirical evaluation.
Instance-Based Utile Distinctions for Reinforcement Learning with Hidden State.
Modeling word burstiness using the Dirichlet distribution.
Maximum Entropy Markov Models for Information Extraction and Segmentation.
Fast direct policy evaluation using multiscale analysis of Markov diffusion processes.
Employing EM and Pool-Based Active Learning for Text Classification.
Proto-value functions: developmental reinforcement learning.
Improving Text Classification by Shrinkage in a Hierarchy of Classes.
A Case Study in the Use of Theory Revision in Requirements Validation.
To Discount or Not to Discount in Reinforcement Learning: A Case Study Comparing R Learning and Q Learning.
Automatic Discovery of Subgoals in Reinforcement Learning using Diverse Density.
Sensitive Discount Optimality: Unifying Discounted and Average Reward Reinforcement Learning.
Identifying Predictive Structures in Relational Data Using Multiple Instance Learning.
Mixtures of Factor Analyzers.
Planning in the Presence of Cost Functions Controlled by an Adversary.
Extensions of marginalized graph kernels.
Bounded real-time dynamic programming: RTDP with monotone upper bounds and performance guarantees.
Comparing Methods for Refining Certainty-Factor Rule-Bases.
An Initial Study of an Adaptive Hierarchical Vision System.
Comparing clusterings: an axiomatic view.
Hierarchical Latent Knowledge Analysis for Co-occurrence Data.
Convergence of synchronous reinforcement learning with linear function approximation.
On Feature Selection: Learning with Exponentially Many Irrelevant Features as Training Examples.
Learning DNF Via Probabilistic Evidence Combination.
Using Linear-threshold Algorithms to Combine Multi-class Sub-experts.
Towards "Large Margin" Speech Recognizers by Boosting and Discriminative Training.
Stock Trading System Using Reinforcement Learning with Cooperative Agents.
High speed obstacle avoidance using monocular vision and reinforcement learning.
Ridge Regression Confidence Machine.
Explaining and Generalizing Diagnostic Decisions.
Stochastic Resonance with Adaptive Fuzzy Systems.
"Boosting'' a Positive-Data-Only Learner.
Explanation Based Learning: A Comparison of Symbolic and Neural Network Approaches.
Learning k-Reversible Context-Free Grammars from Positive Structural Examples.
Learning word normalization using word suffix and context from unlabeled data.
FeatureBoost: A Meta-Learning Algorithm that Improves Model Robustness.
Combinatorial Optimization in Inductive Concept Learning.
Searching for Structure in Multiple Streams of Data.
Feature Selection for Unbalanced Class Distribution and Naive Bayes.
The Effects of Training Set Size on Decision Tree Complexity.
Generalized spectral bounds for sparse LDA.
Generalized Average-Case Analyses of the Nearest Neighbor Algorithm.
Machine Learning for Subproblem Selection.
Theoretical Analysis of the Nearest Neighbor Classifier in Noisy Domains.
Inferring Reduced Ordered Decision Graphs of Minimum Description Length.
Unsupervised Learning Using MML.
MMIHMM: Maximum Mutual Information Hidden Markov Models.
Reinforcement Learning in Factories: The Auton Project (Abstract).
On Pruning and Averaging Decision Trees.
Efficient Algorithms for Minimizing Cross Validation Error.
Q2: Memory-Based Active Learning for Optimizing Noisy Continuous Functions.
Learning with non-positive kernels.
Efficient Locally Weighted Polynomial Regression Predictions.
Machine Learning with Hyperkernels.
Optimal Reinsertion: A New Search Operator for Accelerated and More Accurate Bayesian Network Structure Learning.
Recycling data for multi-agent learning.
Learning to fly by combining reinforcement learning with behavioural cloning.
The Effective Size of a Neural Network: A Principal Component Approach.
Efficient Learning from Delayed Rewards through Symbiotic Evolution.
Using Genetic Search to Refine Knowledge-based Neural Networks.
Combining Statistical Learning with a Knowledge-Based Approach - A Case Study in Intensive Care Monitoring.
Acquisition of Stand-up Behavior by a Real Robot using Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
Learning Distributed Representations by Mapping Concepts and Relations into a Linear Space.
A graphical model for chord progressions embedded in a psychoacoustic space.
Q-learning of sequential attention for visual object recognition from informative local descriptors.
Bayesian Inductive Logic Programming.
Learning Discriminatory and Descriptive Rules by an Inductive Logic Programming System.
Free to Choose: Investigating the Sample Complexity of Active Learning of Real Valued Functions.
Flexible Mixture Model for Collaborative Filtering.
Concept boundary detection for speeding up SVMs.
Learning Chomsky-like Grammars for Biological Sequence Families.
Clustering the Users of Large Web Sites into Communities.
Learning Spatial and Temporal Correlation for Navigation in a 2-Dimensional Continuous World.
Complete Cross-Validation for Nearest Neighbor Classifiers.
Breeding Decision Trees Using Evolutionary Techniques.
Error Bounds for Approximate Policy Iteration.
A Convergent Reinforcement Learning Algorithm in the Continuous Case: The Finite-Element Reinforcement Learning.
Simple DFA are Polynomially Probably Exactly Learnable from Simple Examples.
Rates of Convergence for Variable Resolution Schemes in Optimal Control.
A Boosted Maximum Entropy Model for Learning Text Chunking.
Mixtures of Conditional Maximum Entropy Models.
Revision of Production System Rule-Bases.
Decision Theoretic Subsampling for Induction on Large Databases.
Active + Semi-supervised Learning = Robust Multi-View Learning.
X-means: Extending K-means with Efficient Estimation of the Number of Clusters.
Adaptive View Validation: A First Step Towards Automatic View Detection.
Reducing Misclassification Costs.
A Boosting Approach to Topic Spotting on Subdialogues.
Some Greedy Algorithms for Sparse Nonlinear Regression.
Mixtures of Rectangles: Interpretable Soft Clustering.
Collaborative Filtering Using Weighted Majority Prediction Algorithms.
Sequential information bottleneck for finite data.
Learning to impersonate.
An Approach to Data Reduction and Clustering with Theoretical Guarantees.
Automated hierarchical mixtures of probabilistic principal component analyzers.
Online decoding of Markov models under latency constraints.
An Analysis of Direct Reinforcement Learning in Non-Markovian Domains.
Dynamic preferences in multi-criteria reinforcement learning.
Actual Return Reinforcement Learning versus Temporal Differences: Some Theoretical and Experimental Results.
On Learning Decision Committees.
Full Bayesian network classifiers.
Learning first-order probabilistic models with combining rules.
Efficient Memory-Based Dynamic Programming.
Learning first-order rules from data with multiple parts: applications on mining chemical compound data.
Incremental Multi-Step Q-Learning.
A Normative Examination of Ensemble Learning Algorithms.
Learning hierarchical task networks by observation.
Frequencies vs. Biases: Machine Learning Problems in Natural Language Processing - Abstract.
Reinforcement learning for optimized trade execution.
The support vector decomposition machine.
Policy Invariance Under Reward Transformations: Theory and Application to Reward Shaping.
Online Feature Selection using Grafting.
Convergence rates of the Voting Gibbs classifier, with application to Bayesian feature selection.
Discriminative versus generative parameter and structure learning of Bayesian network classifiers.
Algorithms for Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
Representing and Learning Quality-Improving Search Control Knowledge.
An efficient method for simplifying support vector machines.
Active learning using pre-clustering.
Using Multidimensional Projection to Find Relations.
Decentralized detection and classification using kernel methods.
Learning Despite Concept Variation by Finding Structure in Attribute-based Data.
On the Power of Decision Lists.
Predicting good probabilities with supervised learning.
Lyapunov-Constrained Action Sets for Reinforcement Learning.
Learning Probabilistic Models for Decision-Theoretic Navigation of Mobile Robots.
On the Existence of Fixed Points for Q-Learning and Sarsa in Partially Observable Domains.
Meta-Learning by Landmarking Various Learning Algorithms.
Comparing the Minimum Description Length Principle and Boosting in the Automatic Analysis of Discourse.
Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning: Independent versus Cooperative Agents.
Learning Policies with External Memory.
Learning from Scarce Experience.
Compression-Based Discretization of Continuous Attributes.
How boosting the margin can also boost classifier complexity.
A maximum entropy approach to species distribution modeling.
A Randomized ANOVA Procedure for Comparing Performance Curves.
Learning with Knowledge from Multiple Experts.
Constructive Feature Learning and the Development of Visual Expertise.
Knowledge Propagation in Model-based Reinforcement Learning Tasks.
PolicyBlocks: An Algorithm for Creating Useful Macro-Actions in Reinforcement Learning.
Apprenticeship learning via inverse reinforcement learning.
Learning String Edit Distance.
Optimizing abstaining classifiers using ROC analysis.
Combining TD-learning with Cascade-correlation Networks.
Independent subspace analysis using geodesic spanning trees.
Learning for Automotive Collision Avoidance and Autonomous Control.
Comprehensible Interpretation of Relief's Estimates.
Noise-Tolerant Recursive Best-First Induction.
An adaptation of Relief for attribute estimation in regression.
Weighted Order Statistic Classifiers with Large Rank-Order Margin.
Attribute Dependencies, Understandability and Split Selection in Tree Based Models.
Incremental learning of linear model trees.
Coarticulation: an approach for generating concurrent plans in Markov decision processes.
An analytic solution to discrete Bayesian reinforcement learning.
Learning to cluster using local neighborhood structure.
Exponentiated Gradient Methods for Reinforcement Learning.
Hierarchical Self-Organization in Genetic programming.
Off-Policy Temporal Difference Learning with Function Approximation.
Eligibility Traces for Off-Policy Policy Evaluation.
Classification Using Phi-Machines and Constructive Function Approximation.
Why skewing works: learning difficult Boolean functions with greedy tree learners.
Implicit Imitation in Multiagent Reinforcement Learning.
Image Color Constancy Using EM and Cached Statistics.
The Case against Accuracy Estimation for Comparing Induction Algorithms.
Learning low dimensional predictive representations.
Kernel PLS-SVC for Linear and Nonlinear Classification.
Predictive automatic relevance determination by expectation propagation.
Combining discriminative features to infer complex trajectories.
Model selection via the AUC.
Integer linear programming inference for conditional random fields.
Sequential update of ADtrees.
Learning hierarchical multi-category text classification models.
Combining Instance-Based and Model-Based Learning.
The Minimum Description Length Principle and Categorical Theories.
MDL and Categorial Theories (Continued).
Analogy Access by Mapping Spreading and Abstraction in Large, Multifunctional Knowledge Bases.
Towards a Better Understanding of Memory-based Reasoning Systems.
Toward Optimal Active Learning through Sampling Estimation of Error Reduction.
Using the Genetic Algorithm to Reduce the Size of a Nearest-Neighbor Classifier and to Select Relevant Attributes.
Stochastic Local Search in k-Term DNF Learning.
Towards tight bounds for rule learning.
Lookahead Feature Construction for Learning Hard Concepts.
A statistical approach to rule learning.
MISSL: multiple-instance semi-supervised learning.
Predictive linear-Gaussian models of controlled stochastic dynamical systems.
Constructing informative priors using transfer learning.
Adaptive cognitive orthotics: combining reinforcement learning and constraint-based temporal reasoning.
CN = CPCN.
Q-Decomposition for Reinforcement Learning Agents.
Tackling the Poor Assumptions of Naive Bayes Text Classifiers.
Theory Refinement of Bayesian Networks with Hidden Variables.
Adaptive Resolution Model-Free Reinforcement Learning: Decision Boundary Partitioning.
Adaptive Feature-Space Conformal Transformation for Imbalanced-Data Learning.
A model for handling approximate, noisy or incomplete labeling in text classification.
Online learning of conditionally I.I.D. data.
Using Abstract Models of Behaviours to Automatically Generate Reinforcement Learning Hierarchies.
Shaping in Reinforcement Learning by Changing the Physics of the Problem.
RL-TOPS: An Architecture for Modularity and Re-Use in Reinforcement Learning.
Learning to Drive a Bicycle Using Reinforcement Learning and Shaping.
Learning to Fly: An Application of Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
Combining Reinforcement Learning with a Local Control Algorithm.
Direct Bayes Point Machines.
For Every Generalization Action, Is There Really an Equal and Opposite Reaction?
An SE-tree based Characterization of the Induction Problem.
Non Mean Square Error Criteria for the Training of Learning Machines.
Data Mining of Subjective Agricultural Data.
Applying the Multiple Cause Mixture Model to Text Categorization.
Estimating and computing density based distance metrics.
Using Unlabelled Data for Text Classification through Addition of Cluster Parameters.
Supervised dimensionality reduction using mixture models.
Healing the relevance vector machine through augmentation.
GA-based Learning of Context-Free Grammars using Tabular Representations.
Maximum margin planning.
Predicting Multiprocessor Memory Access Patterns with Learning Models.
Quadratic programming relaxations for metric labeling and Markov random field MAP estimation.
Adaptive Overrelaxed Bound Optimization Methods.
Relativized Options: Choosing the Right Transformation.
Optimization with EM and Expectation-Conjugate-Gradient.
An Advanced Evolution Should Not Repeat its Past Errors.
Density-Adaptive Learning and Forgetting.
Supervised versus multiple instance learning: an empirical comparison.
Active Exploration and Learning in real-Valued Spaces using Multi-Armed Bandit Allocation Indices.
Multiple Instance Regression.
Expectation maximization algorithms for conditional likelihoods.
Sequential skewing: an improved skewing algorithm.
Evolving Structured Programs with Hierarchical Instructions and Skip Nodes.
Generalized skewing for functions with continuous and nominal attributes.
Learning Goal-Decomposition Rules using Exercises.
Learning First-Order Acyclic Horn Programs from Entailment.
Theory-guided Empirical Speedup Learning of Goal Decomposition Rules.
An Investigation of Transformation-Based Learning in Discourse.
Repairing Faulty Mixture Models using Density Estimation.
Achieving Efficient and Cognitively Plausible Learning in Backgammon.
Adaptive NeuroControl: How Black Box and Simple can it be.
Efficient inference on sequence segmentation models.
Categorization in multiple category systems.
Application of Fuzzy Similarity-Based Fractal Dimensions to Characterize Medical Time Series.
Using Reinforcement Learning to Spider the Web Efficiently.
Fast maximum margin matrix factorization for collaborative prediction.
Modeling Auction Price Uncertainty Using Boosting-based Conditional Density Estimation.
Average-Reward Reinforcement Learning for Variance Penalized Markov Decision Problems.
Automatic Segmentation of Continuous Trajectories with Invariance to Nonlinear Warpings of Time.
Ridge Regression Learning Algorithm in Dual Variables.
Syllables and other String Kernel Extensions.
A Conservation Law for Generalization Performance.
Using output codes to boost multiclass learning problems.
Boosting the margin: A new explanation for the effectiveness of voting methods.
Incorporating Prior Knowledge into Boosting.
On the Worst-Case Analysis of Temporal-Difference Learning Algorithms.
Predicting the Generalization Performance of Cross Validatory Model Selection Criteria.
Learning Without State-Estimation in Partially Observable Markovian Decision Processes.
Why Experimentation can be better than "Perfect Guidance".
Learning Predictive State Representations.
Expected Error Analysis for Model Selection.
A Comparison of Induction Algorithms for Selective and non-Selective Bayesian Classifiers.
Incremental Maximization of Non-Instance-Averaging Utility Functions with Applications to Knowledge Discovery Problems.
Efficient Learning of Selective Bayesian Network Classifiers.
Active learning for sampling in time-series experiments with application to gene expression analysis.
Feature subset selection bias for classification learning.
Efficiently Inducing Determinations: A Complete and Systematic Search Algorithm that Uses Optimal Pruning.
Prototype and Feature Selection by Sampling and Random Mutation Hill Climbing Algorithms.
Discovering Solutions with Low Kolmogorov Complexity and High Generalization Capability.
Discovering Test Set Regularities in Relational Domains.
Value Function Based Production Scheduling.
Deterministic annealing for semi-supervised kernel machines.
Improving SVM accuracy by training on auxiliary data sources.
Distributed Value Functions.
Discriminative Feature Selection via Multiclass Variable Memory Markov Model.
Practical Reinforcement Learning in Continuous Spaces.
Less is More: Active Learning with Support Vector Machines.
Generative modeling for continuous non-linearly embedded visual inference.
TD(0) Converges Provably Faster than the Residual Gradient Algorithm.
Sparse Greedy Matrix Approximation for Machine Learning.
Object correspondence as a machine learning problem.
Retrofitting Decision Tree Classifiers Using Kernel Density Estimation.
An Adaptive Regularization Criterion for Supervised Learning.
Identifying useful subgoals in reinforcement learning by local graph partitioning.
New í-Support Vector Machines and their Sequential Minimal Optimization.
Characterizing the generalization performance of model selection strategies.
Beyond the point cloud: from transductive to semi-supervised learning.
Generalized low rank approximations of matrices.
Discovering Communicable Scientific Knowledge from Spatio-Temporal Data.
Compiling Bayesian Networks into Neural Networks.
Compact approximations to Bayesian predictive distributions.
A Reinforcement Learning Method for Maximizing Undiscounted Rewards.
ATM SCheduling with Queuing Dely Predictions.
Using Learning by Discovery to Segment Remotely Sensed Images.
Classifying EEG for brain-computer interfaces: learning optimal filters for dynamical system features.
Feature Engineering for Text Classification.
Large scale genomic sequence SVM classifiers.
Coalition calculation in a dynamic agent environment.
A Constraint-based Induction Algorithm in FOL.
Delaying the Choice of Bias: A Disjunctive Version Space Approach.
Clustering Continuous Time Series.
Automatic Speaker Recognition: An Application of Machine Learning.
On State Merging in Grammatical Inference: A Statistical Approach for Dealing with Noisy Data.
Weighted Low-Rank Approximations.
Instance Pruning as an Information Preserving Problem.
An investigation of computational and informational limits in Gaussian mixture clustering.
Boosting Neighborhood-Based Classifiers.
Multi-agent Q-learning and Regression Trees for Automated Pricing Decisions.
How to Make Stacking Better and Faster While Also Taking Care of an Unknown Weakness.
Bayesian pattern ranking for move prediction in the game of Go.
Incremental Learning in SwiftFile.
Learning To Cooperate in a Social Dilemma: A Satisficing Approach to Bargaining.
Learning to Fly by Controlling Dynamic Instabilities.
TPOT-RL Applied to Network Routing.
Scaling Reinforcement Learning toward RoboCup Soccer.
Randomized Variable Elimination.
A Neural Network Model for Prognostic Prediction.
An Inductive Learning Approach to Prognostic Prediction.
Unsupervised Sequence Segmentation by a Mixture of Switching Variable Memory Markov Sources.
A theoretical analysis of Model-Based Interval Estimation.
PAC model-free reinforcement learning.
Cost-sensitive learning with conditional Markov networks.
Experience-efficient learning in associative bandit problems.
Model-based Hierarchical Average-reward Reinforcement Learning.
A Bayesian Framework for Reinforcement Learning.
Analysis and extension of spectral methods for nonlinear dimensionality reduction.
Null space versus orthogonal linear discriminant analysis.
Smoothed Bootstrap and Statistical Data Cloning for Classifier Evaluation.
Learning to Predict Performance from Formula Modeling and Training Data.
Feature Selection for High-Dimensional Data: A Fast Correlation-Based Filter Solution.
Online and batch learning of pseudo-metrics.
Evolutionary MCMC Sampling and Optimization in Discrete Spaces.
Separating Skills from Preference: Using Learning to Program by Reward.
Efficient hierarchical MCMC for policy search.
Non-negative tensor factorization with applications to statistics and computer vision.
Markov Chain Monte Carlo Sampling using Direct Search Optimization.
Heading in the Right Direction.
Direct Policy Search using Paired Statistical Tests.
Learning the Grammar of Dance.
Feature value acquisition in testing: a sequential batch test algorithm.
Text Bundling: Statistics Based Data-Reduction.
Qualitative reverse engineering.
Permutation invariant SVMs.
A Bayesian Approach to Model Learning in Non-Markovian Environments.
Local Fisher discriminant analysis for supervised dimensionality reduction.
Using Knowledge to Speed Learning: A Comparison of Knowledge-based Cascade-correlation and Multi-task Learning.
Explanation-Augmented SVM: an approach to incorporating domain knowledge into SVM learning.
Fast inference and learning in large-state-space HMMs.
Iterative RELIEF for feature weighting.
Dealing with non-stationary environments using context detection.
Unifying the error-correcting and output-code AdaBoost within the margin framework.
Obtaining Simplified Rule Bases by Hybrid Learning.
New d-separation identification results for learning continuous latent variable models.
Bayesian learning of measurement and structural models.
TD Models: Modeling the World at a Mixture of Time Scales.
Learning to Generate Fast Signal Processing Implementations.
Intra-Option Learning about Temporally Abstract Actions.
Using relative novelty to identify useful temporal abstractions in reinforcement learning.
Dynamic conditional random fields: factorized probabilistic models for labeling and segmenting sequence data.
An intrinsic reward mechanism for efficient exploration.
Online Learning with Random Representations.
Learning Bayesian Belief Networks Based on the Minimum Description Length Principle: An Efficient Algorithm Using the B & B Technique.
Finite time bounds for sampling based fitted value iteration.
Interpolation-based Q-learning.
Learning from Queries and Examples with Tree-structured Bias.
Hierarchical Explanation-Based Reinforcement Learning.
Scaling Up Average Reward Reinforcement Learning by Approximating the Domain Models and the Value Function.
Experimental Knowledge Acquisition for Planning.
Finding an Optimal Gain-Ratio Subset-Split Test for a Set-Valued Attribute in Decision Tree Induction.
Feature Selection and Incremental Learning of Probabilistic Concept Hierarchies.
Feature Selection as a Preprocessing Step for Hierarchical Clustering.
OPT-KD: An Algorithm for Optimizing Kd-Trees.
Multiclass reduced-set support vector machines.
TD(lambda) networks: temporal-difference networks with eligibility traces.
A Multi-Agent Policy-Gradient Approach to Network Routing.
SVM-based generalized multiple-instance learning via approximate box counting.
Learning associative Markov networks.
Learning structured prediction models: a large margin approach.
Learning on the Test Data: Leveraging Unseen Features.
A Baysian Framework to Integrate Symbolic and Neural Learning.
Teaching an Agent to Test Students.
Efficient Learning Through Evolution: Neural Programming and Internal Reinforcement.
Correcting Noisy Data.
Fast and space efficient string kernels using suffix arrays.
Selection of Support Vector Kernel Parameters for Improved Generalization.
Refining the Wrapper Approach - Smoothed Error Estimates for Feature Selection.
Sparse Bayesian Learning for Regression and Classification using Markov Chain Monte Carlo.
A Modular Q-Learning Architecture for Manipulator Task Decomposition.
Improving Probabilistic Grammatical Inference Core Algorithms with Post-processing Techniques.
Probabilistic DFA Inference using Kullback-Leibler Divergence and Minimality.
Active Learning for Natural Language Parsing and Information Extraction.
Monte Carlo Hidden Markov Models: Learning Non-Parametric Models of Partially Observable Stochastic Processes.
Discovering Structure in Multiple Learning Tasks: The TC Algorithm.
A Comparative Study of Cost-Sensitive Boosting Algorithms.
Issues in Classifier Evaluation using Optimal Cost Curves.
The Characterisation of Predictive Accuracy and Decision Combination.
Bayesian regression with input noise for high dimensional data.
Stacking Bagged and Dagged Models.
Prababilistic Instance-Based Learning.
Declarative Bias in Equation Discovery.
Discovering the Structure of Partial Differential Equations from Example Behaviour.
Support Vector Machine Active Learning with Application sto Text Classification.
Partial Linear Trees.
Functional Models for Regression Tree Leaves.
Mutual Information in Learning Feature Transformations.
Multimodal oriented discriminant analysis.
Discriminative cluster analysis.
Probabilistic inference for solving discrete and continuous state Markov Decision Processes.
Learning discontinuities with products-of-sigmoids for switching between local models.
Learning random walk models for inducing word dependency distributions.
Local Expert Autoassociators for Anomaly Detection.
Learning Priorities From Noisy Examples.
Learning Collection FUsion Strategies for Information Retrieval.
Core Vector Regression for very large regression problems.
Support vector machine learning for interdependent and structured output spaces.
Propagating distributions on a hypergraph by dual information regularization.
Clustering graphs by weighted substructure mining.
An Improved Algorithm for Incremental Induction of Decision Trees.
Approximation Via Value Unification.
Hierarchical Unsupervised Learning.
Model Selection in Unsupervised Learning with Applications To Document Clustering.
A Powerful Heuristic for the Discovery of Complex Patterned Behaviour.
Low Bias Bagged Support Vector Machines.
Better Learners Use Analogical Problem Solving Sparingly.
Statistical Theory of Generalization (Abstract).
Active sampling for detecting irrelevant features.
Hierarchical Dirichlet model for document classification.
An Evolutionary Approach to Evidence-Based Learning of Deterministic Finite Automata.
A procedure for unsupervised lexicon learning.
Locally Weighted Projection Regression: Incremental Real Time Learning in High Dimensional Space.
A Quantification of Distance Bias Between Evaluation Metrics In Classification.
Integrating Feature Construction with Multiple Classifiers in Decision Tree Induction.
SimpleSVM.
Accelerated training of conditional random fields with stochastic gradient methods.
Machine-Learning Applications of Algorithmic Randomness.
Testing Exchangeability On-Line.
Discovering Homogeneous Regions in Spatial Data through Competition.
A hierarchical method for multi-class support vector machines.
Clustering with Instance-level Constraints.
Constrained K-means Clustering with Background Knowledge.
Implicit surface modelling as an eigenvalue problem.
Using Natural Language Processing and discourse Features to Identify Understanding Errors.
Causal Discovery via MML.
Topic modeling: beyond bag-of-words.
Learning by Observation and Practice: An Incremental Approach for Planning Operator Acquisition.
Model-based Policy Gradient Reinforcement Learning.
Bayesian sparse sampling for on-line reward optimization.
Hierarchical Optimization of Policy-Coupled Semi-Markov Decision Processes.
New kernels for protein structural motif discovery and function classification.
Learning Mixture Models with the Latent Maximum Entropy Principle.
Modeling for Optimal Probability Prediction.
Exploiting syntactic, semantic and lexical regularities in language modeling via directed Markov random fields.
Two-dimensional solution path for support vector regression.
Label propagation through linear neighborhoods.
Totally corrective boosting algorithms that maximize the margin.
Enhancing the Plausibility of Law Equation Discovery.
Learning a kernel matrix for nonlinear dimensionality reduction.
Learning with Rare Cases and Small Disjuncts.
The Problem with Noise and Small Disjuncts.
Lightweight Rule Induction.
Small Sample Decision tree Pruning.
Approximate inference by Markov chains on union spaces.
Classification with Multiple Latent Variable Models using Maximum Entropy Discrimination.
Inference with the Universum.
Recognition and Exploitation of Contextual CLues via Incremental Meta-Learning.
Multi-Agent Reinforcement Leraning for Traffic Light Control.
Reinforcement Learning in Dynamic Environments using Instantiated Information.
Solving POMDPs with Levin Search and EIRA.
Utile distinction hidden Markov models.
Learning predictive representations from a history.
Principled Methods for Advising Reinforcement Learning Agents.
Incomplete-data classification using logistic regression.
The Effect of the Input Density Distribution on Kernel-based Classifiers.
Instance Pruning Techniques.
P3VI: a partitioned, prioritized, parallel value iterator.
Kernel Predictive Linear Gaussian models for nonlinear stochastic dynamical systems.
DISTILL: Learning Domain-Specific Planners by Example.
Solving the Multiple-Instance Problem: A Lazy Learning Approach.
Learning predictive state representations in dynamical systems without reset.
Predictive state representations with options.
Horizonal Generalization.
Bayesian Network Anomaly Pattern Detection for Disease Outbreaks.
Large Margin Trees for Induction and Transduction.
Linear Asymmetric Classifier for cascade detectors.
Building Sparse Large Margin Classifiers.
Mining Both Positive and Negative Association Rules.
Exploration Control in Reinforcement Learning using Optimistic Model Selection.
Fast time series classification using numerosity reduction.
Learning distance function by coding similarity.
Feature selection for high-dimensional genomic microarray data.
Bayesian haplo-type inference via the dirichlet process.
Bayesian multi-population haplotype inference via a hierarchical dirichlet process mixture.
Dirichlet enhanced relational learning.
Parameter learning for relational Bayesian networks.
Cross-Entropy Directed Embedding of Network Data.
Decision-tree Induction from Time-series Data Based on a Standard-example Split Test.
Learning Hierarchies from Ambiguous Natural Language Data.
Optimizing Classifier Performance via an Approximation to the Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney Statistic.
Combining Multiple Learning Strategies for Effective Cross Validation.
Semi-supervised nonlinear dimensionality reduction.
A Comparative Study on Feature Selection in Text Categorization.
Non-Disjoint Discretization for Naive-Bayes Classifiers.
Feature extraction via generalized uncorrelated linear discriminant analysis.
Modeling changing dependency structure in multivariate time series.
Linear Discriminant Trees.
Tracking value function dynamics to improve reinforcement learning with piecewise linear function approximation.
Nonlinear independent component analysis with minimal nonlinear distortion.
Learning state-action basis functions for hierarchical MDPs.
Active learning via transductive experimental design.
Fast and effective kernels for relational learning from texts.
Learning Gaussian processes from multiple tasks.
Linear and nonlinear generative probabilistic class models for shape contours.
Collaborative ordinal regression.
Minimum reference set based feature selection for small sample classifications.
Bootstrapping Syntax and Recursion using Alginment-Based Learning.
Quantum clustering algorithms.
Learning and evaluating classifiers under sample selection bias.
Comparisons of sequence labeling algorithms and extensions.
Obtaining calibrated probability estimates from decision trees and naive Bayesian classifiers.
Exponentiated gradient algorithms for log-linear structured prediction.
Improving Short-Text Classification using Unlabeled Data for Classification Problems.
Robust non-linear dimensionality reduction using successive 1-dimensional Laplacian Eigenmaps.
Combining Top-down and Bottom-up Techniques in Inductive Logic Programming.
Incremental Bayesian networks for structure prediction.
Isometric Embedding and Continuum ISOMAP.
Multiple instance learning for sparse positive bags.
Some Sparse Approximation Bounds for Regression Problems.
Multi-task learning for sequential data via iHMMs and the nested Dirichlet process.
Statistical Behavior and Consistency of Support Vector Machines, Boosting, and Beyond.
Large-scale RLSC learning without agony.
Learning Metrics via Discriminant Kernels and Multidimensional Scaling: Toward Expected Euclidean Representation.
Support cluster machine.
Solving large scale linear prediction problems using stochastic gradient descent algorithms.
CarpeDiem: an algorithm for the fast evaluation of SSL classifiers.
Dimensionality reduction and generalization.
An Region-Based Learning Approach to Discovering Temporal Structures in Data.
Feature selection in a kernel space.
The matrix stick-breaking process for flexible multi-task learning.
Learning to combine distances for complex representations.
Least squares linear discriminant analysis.
Learning from Attribute Value Taxonomies and Partially Specified Instances.
Most likely heteroscedastic Gaussian process regression.
Augmenting naive Bayes for ranking.
Online discovery of similarity mappings.
Modified Logistic Regression: An Approximation to SVM and Its Applications in Large-Scale Text Categorization.
Bayesian compressive sensing and projection optimization.
On learning linear ranking functions for beam search.
Block-quantized kernel matrix for fast spectral embedding.
Quadratically gated mixture of experts for incomplete data classification.
Surrogate maximization/minimization algorithms for AdaBoost and the logistic regression model.
Focused crawling with scalable ordinal regression solvers.
Learnability of Augmented Naive Bayes in Nonimal Domains.
Simpler core vector machines with enclosing balls.
Representational Upper Bounds of Bayesian Networks.
A bound on the label complexity of agnostic active learning.
The rendezvous algorithm: multiclass semi-supervised learning with Markov random walks.
Exploration and Exploitation in Adaptive Filtering Based on Bayesian Active Learning.
Supervised clustering of streaming data for email batch detection.
On the Convergence of Boosting Procedures.
A recursive method for discriminative mixture learning.
Probabilistic score estimation with piecewise logistic regression.
Self-taught learning: transfer learning from unlabeled data.
Bayesian inference for transductive learning of kernel matrix using the Tanner-Wong data augmentation algorithm.
Map building without localization by dimensionality reduction techniques.
Statistical debugging: simultaneous identification of multiple bugs.
Spectral feature selection for supervised and unsupervised learning.
Efficient lazy elimination for averaged one-dependence estimators.
Pegasos: Primal Estimated sub-GrAdient SOlver for SVM.
Lazy Bayesian Rules: A Lazy Semi-Naive Bayesian Learning Technique Competitive to Boosting Decision Trees.
Trust region Newton methods for large-scale logistic regression.
A Hybrid Lazy-Eager Approach to Reducing the Computation and Memory Requirements of Local Parametric Learning Algorithms.
An empirical evaluation of deep architectures on problems with many factors of variation.
Learning from labeled and unlabeled data on a directed graph.
A dependence maximization view of clustering.
A new Mallows distance based metric for comparing clusterings.
Efficiently computing minimax expected-size confidence regions.
Semi-Supervised Learning Using Gaussian Fields and Harmonic Functions.
Statistical predicate invention.
Harmonic mixtures: combining mixture models and graph-based methods for inductive and scalable semi-supervised learning.
Magnitude-preserving ranking algorithms.
2D Conditional Random Fields for Web information extraction.
A permutation-augmented sampler for DP mixture models.
Eliminating Class Noise in Large Datasets.
Asymptotic Bayesian generalization error when training and test distributions are different.
Large margin non-linear embedding.
Hierarchical maximum entropy density estimation.
Online Convex Programming and Generalized Infinitesimal Gradient Ascent.
Spectral clustering and transductive learning with multiple views.
Symmetry in Markov Decision Processes and its Implications for Single Agent and Multiagent Learning.
Unsupervised estimation for noisy-channel models.
Pruning Improves Heuristic Search for Cost-Sensitive Learning.
Learning nonparametric kernel matrices from pairwise constraints.
Selective Reformulation of Examples in Concept Learning.
Hierarchical Gaussian process latent variable models.
Representation Changes for Efficient Learning in Structural Domains.
Winnowing subspaces.
Induction of Concept Hierarchies from Noisy Data.
Intractability and clustering with constraints.
Machine Learning by Function Decomposition.
Boosting for transfer learning.
Sparse eigen methods by D.C. programming.
Unsupervised prediction of citation influences.
A worst-case comparison between temporal difference and residual gradient with linear function approximation.
Learning user preferences for sets of objects.
Scalable training of L-regularized log-linear models.
Discriminative unsupervised learning of structured predictors.
Gradient boosting for kernelized output spaces.
Three new graphical models for statistical language modelling.
Content-Based Image Retrieval Using Multiple-Instance Learning.
Information-theoretic metric learning.
Simple, robust, scalable semi-supervised learning via expectation regularization.
A duality view of spectral methods for dimensionality reduction.
Cross-domain transfer for reinforcement learning.
Robust mixtures in the presence of measurement errors.
Approximate maximum margin algorithms with rules controlled by the number of mistakes.
On the relation between multi-instance learning and semi-supervised learning.
Bottom-up learning of Markov logic network structure.
Learning all optimal policies with multiple criteria.
Multiclass multiple kernel learning.
Full regularization path for sparse principal component analysis.
Beam sampling for the infinite hidden Markov model.
Supervised feature selection via dependence estimation.
Sparse Bayesian nonparametric regression.
Tailoring density estimation via reproducing kernel moment matching.
Automatic discovery and transfer of MAXQ hierarchies.
Polyhedral classifier for target detection: a case study: colorectal cancer.
The many faces of optimism: a unifying approach.
Strategy evaluation in extensive games with importance sampling.
Structure compilation: trading structure for features.
The asymptotics of semi-supervised learning in discriminative probabilistic models.
Democratic approximation of lexicographic preference models.
Semi-supervised learning of compact document representations with deep networks.
Efficient projections onto the -ball for learning in high dimensions.
Apprenticeship learning using linear programming.
-support vector machine as conditional value-at-risk minimization.
Nearest hyperdisk methods for high-dimensional classification.
Nonextensive entropic kernels.
The Group-Lasso for generalized linear models: uniqueness of solutions and efficient algorithms.
Discriminant kernel and regularization parameter learning via semidefinite programming.
A fast linear separability test by projection of positive points on subspaces.
Robust multi-task learning with -processes.
Dynamic hierarchical Markov random fields and their application to web data extraction.
Uncovering shared structures in multiclass classification.
Multiclass core vector machine.
Fast Gaussian process methods for point process intensity estimation.
On the quantitative analysis of deep belief networks.
Deep learning via semi-supervised embedding.
Memory bounded inference in topic models.
Efficiently learning linear-linear exponential family predictive representations of state.
No-regret learning in convex games.
Localized multiple kernel learning.
Learning from incomplete data with infinite imputations.
Learning to classify with missing and corrupted features.
Bayesian multiple instance learning: automatic feature selection and inductive transfer.
Estimating local optimums in EM algorithm over Gaussian mixture model.
Actively learning level-sets of composite functions.
Fast incremental proximity search in large graphs.
Privacy-preserving reinforcement learning.
Conditional random fields for multi-agent reinforcement learning.
Maximum margin clustering made practical.
Optimal dimensionality of metric space for classification.
On the value of pairwise constraints in classification and consistency.
Transductive support vector machines for structured variables.
Stability of transductive regression algorithms.
Discriminative parameter learning for Bayesian networks.
Sequence kernels for predicting protein essentiality.
Exploration scavenging.
ManifoldBoost: stagewise function approximation for fully-, semi- and un-supervised learning.
Stopping conditions for exact computation of leave-one-out error in support vector machines.
Multi-task compressive sensing with Dirichlet process priors.
Improved Nystr&ouml;m low-rank approximation and error analysis.
Multiple instance ranking.
Multi-classification by categorical features via clustering.
Active kernel learning.
Learning to sportscast: a test of grounded language acquisition.
Fully distributed EM for very large datasets.
Bayes optimal classification for decision trees.
Statistical models for partial membership.
Manifold alignment using Procrustes analysis.
Training structural SVMs when exact inference is intractable.
A kernel path algorithm for support vector machines.
Hybrid huberized support vector machines for microarray classification.
Multi-task reinforcement learning: a hierarchical Bayesian approach.
Local learning projections.
Metric embedding for kernel classification rules.
Adaptive p-posterior mixture-model kernels for multiple instance learning.
On the chance accuracies of large collections of classifiers.
Estimating labels from label proportions.
Fast nearest neighbor retrieval for bregman divergences.
Self-taught clustering.
The projectron: a bounded kernel-based Perceptron.
Learning diverse rankings with multi-armed bandits.
Laplace maximum margin Markov networks.
Detecting statistical interactions with additive groves of trees.
Transfer of samples in batch reinforcement learning.
Expectation-maximization for sparse and non-negative PCA.
Hierarchical kernel stick-breaking process for multi-task image analysis.
Fast support vector machine training and classification on graphics processors.
Learning random walks to rank nodes in graphs.
Causal modelling combining instantaneous and lagged effects: an identifiable model based on non-Gaussianity.
Two-view feature generation model for semi-supervised learning.
On multi-view active learning and the combination with semi-supervised learning.
Structural alignment based kernels for protein structure classification.
Discriminative learning for differing training and test distributions.
Solving multiclass support vector machines with LaRank.
Cluster analysis of heterogeneous rank data.
Learning to rank: from pairwise approach to listwise approach.
Local similarity discriminant analysis.
Direct convex relaxations of sparse SVM.
Learning to compress images and videos.
Kernel selection forl semi-supervised kernel machines.
An integrated approach to feature invention and model construction for drug activity prediction.
Percentile optimization in uncertain Markov decision processes with application to efficient exploration.
Adaptive dimension reduction using discriminant analysis and -means clustering.
Non-isometric manifold learning: analysis and an algorithm.
Manifold-adaptive dimension estimation.
Combining online and offline knowledge in UCT.
Bayesian actor-critic algorithms.
Best of both: a hybridized centroid-medoid clustering heuristic.
Recovering temporally rewiring networks: a model-based approach.
Efficient inference with cardinality-based clique potentials.
Sparse probabilistic classifiers.
Experimental perspectives on learning from imbalanced data.
Constructing basis functions from directed graphs for value function approximation.
Neighbor search with global geometry: a minimax message passing algorithm.
Infinite mixtures of trees.
Local dependent components.
Kernelizing PLS, degrees of freedom, and efficient model selection.
Nonmyopic active learning of Gaussian processes: an exploration-exploitation approach.
On one method of non-diagonal regularization in sparse Bayesian learning.
Online kernel PCA with entropic matrix updates.
Learning a meta-level prior for feature relevance from multiple related tasks.
Scalable modeling of real graphs using Kronecker multiplication.
A novel orthogonal NMF-based belief compression for POMDPs.
A transductive framework of distance metric learning by spectral dimensionality reduction.
Relational clustering by symmetric convex coding.
Discriminant analysis in correlation similarity measure space.
Adaptive mesh compression in 3D computer graphics using multiscale manifold learning.
Automatic shaping and decomposition of reward functions.
Asymmetric boosting.
Mixtures of hierarchical topics with Pachinko allocation.
Revisiting probabilistic models for clustering with pair-wise constraints.
Regression on manifolds using kernel dimension reduction.
Multi-armed bandit problems with dependent arms.
Learning for efficient retrieval of structured data with noisy queries.
Analyzing feature generation for value-function approximation.
Reinforcement learning by reward-weighted regression for operational space control.
More efficiency in multiple kernel learning.
Graph clustering with network structure indices.
Restricted Boltzmann machines for collaborative filtering.
Sample compression bounds for decision trees.
Knows what it knows: a framework for self-aware learning.
Learning to solve game trees.
A kernel-based causal learning algorithm.
On the role of tracking in stationary environments.
Piecewise pseudolikelihood for efficient training of conditional random fields.
Classifying matrices with a spectral regularization.
Entire regularization paths for graph data.
Discriminative Gaussian process latent variable model for classification.
Learning from interpretations: a rooted kernel for ordered hypergraphs.
Multifactor Gaussian process models for style-content separation.
On learning with dissimilarity functions.
Transductive regression piloted by inter-manifold relations.
Dirichlet aggregation: unsupervised learning towards an optimal metric for proportional data.
What is decreased by the max-sum arc consistency algorithm?
Beamforming using the relevance vector machine.
Predicting diverse subsets using structural SVMs.
Efficient bandit algorithms for online multiclass prediction.
: a new admixture model for inference of population structure in light of both genetic admixing and allele mutations.
Training SVM with indefinite kernels.
Learning for control from multiple demonstrations.
Inverting the Viterbi algorithm: an abstract framework for structure design.
Unsupervised rank aggregation with distance-based models.
Topologically-constrained latent variable models.
Empirical Bernstein stopping.
Bolasso: model consistent Lasso estimation through the bootstrap.
Data spectroscopy: learning mixture models using eigenspaces of convolution operators.
Closed-form supervised dimensionality reduction with generalized linear models.
Space-indexed dynamic programming: learning to follow trajectories.
Prediction with expert advice for the Brier game.
The dynamic hierarchical Dirichlet process.
Dirichlet component analysis: feature extraction for compositional data.
Pointwise exact bootstrap distributions of cost curves.
Grassmann discriminant analysis: a unifying view on subspace-based learning.
Learning dissimilarities by ranking: from SDP to QP.
A distance model for rhythms.
Graph kernels between point clouds.
Message-passing for graph-structured linear programs: proximal projections, convergence and rounding schemes.
Pairwise constraint propagation by semidefinite programming for semi-supervised classification.
An asymptotic analysis of generative, discriminative, and pseudolikelihood estimators.
Bayesian probabilistic matrix factorization using Markov chain Monte Carlo.
A generalization of Haussler's convolution kernel: mapping kernel.
Autonomous geometric precision error estimation in low-level computer vision tasks.
A quasi-Newton approach to non-smooth convex optimization.
An HDP-HMM for systems with state persistence.
Rank minimization via online learning.
An analysis of reinforcement learning with function approximation.
Large scale manifold transduction.
Optimizing estimated loss reduction for active sampling in rank learning.
An analysis of linear models, linear value-function approximation, and feature selection for reinforcement learning.
Fast estimation of first-order clause coverage through randomization and maximum likelihood.
Gaussian process product models for nonparametric nonstationarity.
Boosting with incomplete information.
Reinforcement learning in the presence of rare events.
Query-level stability and generalization in learning to rank.
Spectral clustering with inconsistent advice.
A reproducing kernel Hilbert space framework for pairwise time series distances.
Efficient multiclass maximum margin clustering.
An object-oriented representation for efficient reinforcement learning.
Discriminative structure and parameter learning for Markov logic networks.
Maximum likelihood rule ensembles.
Multi-task learning for HIV therapy screening.
On the hardness of finding symmetries in Markov decision processes.
Composite kernel learning.
Random classification noise defeats all convex potential boosters.
Compressed sensing and Bayesian experimental design.
Modeling interleaved hidden processes.
An empirical evaluation of supervised learning in high dimensions.
ICA and ISA using Schweizer-Wolff measure of dependence.
Active reinforcement learning.
The skew spectrum of graphs.
Modified MMI/MPE: a direct evaluation of the margin in speech recognition.
A decoupled approach to exemplar-based unsupervised learning.
Fast solvers and efficient implementations for distance metric learning.
Reinforcement learning with limited reinforcement: using Bayes risk for active learning in POMDPs.
A dual coordinate descent method for large-scale linear SVM.
Online kernel selection for Bayesian reinforcement learning.
Non-parametric policy gradients: a unified treatment of propositional and relational domains.
Robust matching and recognition using context-dependent kernels.
Nonnegative matrix factorization via rank-one downdate.
A least squares formulation for canonical correlation analysis.
An RKHS for multi-view learning and manifold co-regularization.
Classification using discriminative restricted Boltzmann machines.
Optimized cutting plane algorithm for support vector machines.
Extracting and composing robust features with denoising autoencoders.
Accurate max-margin training for structured output spaces.
Efficiently solving convex relaxations for MAP estimation.
A semiparametric statistical approach to model-free policy evaluation.
Cost-sensitive multi-class classification from probability estimates.
A rate-distortion one-class model and its applications to clustering.
SVM optimization: inverse dependence on training set size.
Hierarchical sampling for active learning.
Local likelihood modeling of temporal text streams.
Preconditioned temporal difference learning.
Training restricted Boltzmann machines using approximations to the likelihood gradient.
Bi-level path following for cross validated solution of kernel quantile regression.
Listwise approach to learning to rank: theory and algorithm.
A unified architecture for natural language processing: deep neural networks with multitask learning.
Sparse multiscale gaussian process regression.
Confidence-weighted linear classification.
On partial optimality in multi-label MRFs.
Learning to learn implicit queries from gaze patterns.
Uncorrelated multilinear principal component analysis through successive variance maximization.
On-line discovery of temporal-difference networks.
Graph transduction via alternating minimization.
Sample-based learning and search with permanent and transient memories.
Exploiting Background Knowledge for Knowledge-Intensive Subgroup Discovery.
Efficient Symmetry Breaking for Boolean Satisfiability.
Logic-Based Subsumption Architecture.
Factored Planning.
Logical Filtering.
Transport Robot With Network Control System.
Active Semantic Networks In Robots With Independant Control.
A Simulated Annealing Approach to the Travelling Tournament Problem.
Analyzing Images Containing Multiple Sparse Patterns with Neural Networks.
Strategies for Mechanizing Structural Induction.
Shading-Based Two-View Matching.
HUGIN - A Shell for Building Bayesian Belief Universes for Expert Systems.
A Theory of Language Acquisition Based on General Learning Principles.
Modal Theorem Proving: An Equational Viewpoint.
Understanding Analogies in Editorials.
Identifiability of Path-Specific Effects.
Tuning of Search of the Problem Space for Geometry Proofs.
Toward Generation of 3-Dimensional Models of Objects Using 2-Dimensional Figures and Explanations in Language.
Learning to Program.
A Plot Understanding System on Reference to Both Image and Language.
The Geometry Tutor.
Implicational Molecules: A Method for Extracting Meaning from Input Sentences.
Adaptive Web Navigation for Wireless Devices.
Contexts: Dynamic Identification of Common Parameters in Distributed Analysis of Complex Devices.
Inter-diagrammatic Reasoning.
Reasoning About Assumptions in Graphs of Models.
The Automatic Programming of Agents that Learn Mental Models and Create Simple Plans of Action.
A Representation for Complex Physical Domains.
MUNIN - A Causal Probabilistic Network for Interpretation of Electromyographic Findings.
AILP: Abductive Inductive Logic Programming.
Bidirectional Use of Knowledge in the Multi-modal NL Access System XTRA.
A General Model for Online Probabilistic Plan Recognition.
On the Structure Of An Important Class Of Exhaustive Problems And On Ways Of Search Reduction For Them.
WIP: From Multimedia to Intellimedia.
Scalability Study of Peer-to-Peer Consequence Finding.
Theorem Proving in Type Theory.
Computer Interpretation of PEANUTS Cartoons.
On the Role of Mathematical Language Concept in the Theory of Intelligent Systems.
Some Basic Mechanisms for Common Sense Reasoning About Stories Environments.
From Early Processing to Conceptual Reasoning: An Attempt to Fill the Gap.
A New Content Based Image Retrieval Method Based on a Sketch-Driven Interpretation of Line Segments.
Computer Description of Curved Objects.
Modularity in Computer Assisted Reasoning Systems.
Exploiting Informative Priors for Bayesian Classification and Regression Trees.
Noise-Tolerant Instance-Based Learning Algorithms.
TERMINATOR.
Bridging the Lesson Distribution Gap.
TELEGRAM: A Grammar Formalism for Language Planning.
Visual-Tactile Symbiotic or Stereometric Pattern Recognition.
FASTUS: A Finite-state Processor for Information Extraction from Real-world Text.
A Pattern Classification by the Time-Varying Threshold Method.
A Computational Model of Referring.
Reasoning about Student Knowledge and Reasoning.
On the Evolution of Memory Size in the Minority Game (extended abstract).
Checking Proofs in the Metamathematics of First Order Logic.
Learning by Controlled Transference of Knowledge Between Domains.
The Use of Models in a Rule-Based Consultation System.
Compiling Design Plans from Descriptions of Artifacts and Problem Solving Heuristics.
The Commercialization of AI: Part 3. The Technology Challenge (Panel).
Object Identification from Parallel Light Stripes.
A Simple Additive Re-weighting Strategy for Improving Margins.
How to Represent Opaque Sentences in First Order Logic.
Multi-prototype Support Vector Machine.
Generating Rules from Examples.
Planning Perlocutionary Acts.
Transformations and Somatotopy in Perceiving Systems.
Integrating Problem-Solving Methods into CYC.
Interpretation of Definite Noun Phrases.
Application of Methods of Adaptive Learning to the Problem of Automatic Decision Making Under Conditions of a Priori Uncertainty.
A software architecture for dynamically generated adaptive Web stores.
Structure and Rules in Automated Multimedia Presentation Planning.
Using Language and Context in the Analysis of Text.
More Notes on ``A Clash of Intuitions''
Uncertainty Reduction Paradigm Using Structural Knowledge in Line-Drawing Understanding.
Abduction with Hypotheses Confirmation.
Preduction: A Common Form of Induction and Analogy.
Pre-sending Documents on the WWW: A Comparative Study.
A Versatile Computer-Controlled Assembly System.
A ``Small Leakage'' Model for Diffusion Smoothing of Image Data.
A Parametric Hierarchical Planner for Experimenting Abstraction Techniques.
HYDRA: A Noise-tolerant Relational Concept Learning Algorithm.
Dynamic Prioritization of Complex Agents in Distributed Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Shape from Texture.
Towards Pervasive Robotics.
Computational Complexity of Hypothesis Assembly.
Network Meta-Reasoning for Information Assurance in Mobile Agent Systems.
A Speech Understanding System Based Upon A Co-Routine Parser.
Determining Cylindrical Shape from Contour and Shading.
An Interval-Based Representation of Temporal Knowledge.
Robotics in the Home, Office, and Playing Field.
Object Recognition Using Vision and Touch.
Design Concept of Direct-Drive Manipulators Using Rare-Earth DC Torque Motors.
Optimal Time-Space Tradeoff in Probabilistic Inference.
Building a World Model for a Mobile Robot Using Dynamic Semantic Constraints.
Language Learning in Multi-Agent Systems.
Inferring Motion of Cylindrical Object From Shape Information.
A Common-Sense Theory of Time.
Utilization of a Stripe Pattern for Dynamic Scene Analysis.
Constraint Based Automatic Construction and Manipulation of Geometric Figures.
Commonsense Entailment: A Modal Tneory of Non-monotonic Reasoning.
Planning Using a Temporal World Model.
Toward a Geometry of Common Sense: A Semantics and a Complete Axiomatization of Mereotopology.
Integrating Logic Programs and Schemata.
Combining Sources of Information in Vision I. Computing Shape from Shading and Motion.
Agents Habitats and Routine Behavior.
On the Axiomatic Foundations of Ranking Systems.
Defining Salience in Case-Based Arguments.
Resolving Ambiguities to Create a Natural Computer-Based Sketching Environment.
Reasoning Symbolically About Partially Matched Cases.
Dynamically Constructed Bayes Nets for Multi-Domain Sketch Understanding.
On Identifying and Managing Relationships in Multi-Agent Systems.
Ranking Cases with Decision Trees: a Geometric Method that Preserves Intelligibility.
Ensembles as a Sequence of Classifiers.
Usability Guidelines for Interactive Search in Direct Manipulation Systems.
Semi-Supervised Learning with Explicit Misclassification Modeling.
Factory Modelling, Simulation, and Scheduling in the Intelligent Management System.
Applications of Artificial Intelligence.
Socially Embedded Learning of the Office-Conversant Mobil Robot Jijo-2.
AI and Design.
Consistency and Completeness of OMEGA, a Logic for Knowledge Representation.
A Learning System for Selective Dissemination of Information.
Stable Strategies for Sharing Information among Agents.
Learning Partially Observable Deterministic Action Models.
Judgement, Policy, and the Harmony Machine.
Extended Gloss Overlaps as a Measure of Semantic Relatedness.
A Two-Stage Method for Active Learning of Statistical Grammars.
Fast and Complete Symbolic Plan Recognition.
Building a Consistent 3D Representation of a Mobile Robot Environment by Combining Multiple Stereo Views.
Trinocular Stereovision: Recent Results.
Computing Effect-to-Cause/Cause-to-Effect Diagnoses Within NdL.
Changes in Representation which Preserve Strategies in Games.
Anaphors, PPs and Disambiguation Process for Conceptual Analysis.
A Comparsion of Three Problem-Solving Methods.
Least Common Subsumers and Most Specific Concepts in a Description Logic with Existential Restrictions and Terminological Cycles.
A Theory for the Complete Mechanization of a GPS-Type Problem Solver.
Terminological Cycles in a Description Logic with Existential Restrictions.
A Theoretical and Experimental Comparison of Constraint Propagation Techniques for Disjunctive Scheduling.
Augmenting Concept Languages by Transitive Closure of Roles: An Alternative to Terminological Cycles.
TELECOM and AI: The Emperors New Clothes?
Matching under Side Conditions in Description Logics.
Reasoning about actions: Non-deterministic effects, Constraints, and Qualification.
Pushing the EL Envelope.
Representing Concurrent Actions in Extended Logic Programming.
A Scheme for Integrating Concrete Domains into Concept Languages.
Computational Complexity of Planning with Temporal Goals.
How to Prefer More Specific Defaults in Terminological Default Logic.
Computational Complexity of Planning and Approximate Planning in Presence of Incompleteness.
Computing Least Common Subsumers in Description Logics with Existential Restrictions.
Defeasible Specifications in Action Theories.
Terminological Logics with Modal Operators.
On the Semantics of Knowledge Update.
Writer's Aid: Using a Planner in a Collaborative Interface.
Synthesizing Plant Controllers Using Real-time Goals.
A Modest, but Semantically Well Founded, Inheritance Reasoner.
Sensible Agent Technology Improving Coordination and Communication in Biosurveillance Domains.
Planning with Resources and Concurrency: A Forward Chaining Approach.
Integrating Declarative Knowledge Programming Styles and Tools in a Structured Object AI Environment.
Statistical Foundations for Default Reasoning.
Multiagent Coordination by Stochastic Cellular Automata.
Reasoning about Noisy Sensors in the Situation Calculus.
Learning Value Predictors for the Speculative Execution of Information Gathering Plans.
Propagating Logical Combinations of Constraints.
The Downward Refinement Property.
Action and Perception in Man-Made Environments.
Learning Intermediate Concepts in Constructing a Hierarchical Knowldege Base.
Experiments with Associative-Commutative Discrimination Nets.
Achieving Allocatively-Efficient and Strongly Budget-Balanced Mechanisms in the Network Flow Domain for Bounded-Rational Agents.
Stereo Matching by Hierarchical, Microcanonical Annealing.
Planning with Abstraction Hierarchies can be Exponentially Less Efficient.
Three-Dimensional Shape From Line Drawings.
Parallel Non-Binary Planning in Polynomial Time.
Intensions as Such: An Outline.
Complexity Results for SAS+ Planning.
Neural-Net Implementation of Complex Symbol-Processing in a Mental Model Approach to Syllogistic Reasoning.
Reifying Concepts in Description Logics.
Computational Methods for a Mathematical Theory of Evidence.
Knowledge Modeling and Reusability in ExClaim.
Optimal Searches From AND and OR Nodes.
Symbolic Revision of Theories with M-of-N Rules.
A Wrinkle on Satisficing Search Problems.
The SG Family: Extensions of Simple Conceptual Graphs.
Model Compilation for Real-Time Planning and Diagnosis with Feedback.
Backtracking Through Biconnected Components of a Constraint Graph.
Characterizing Subgoal Interactions for Planning.
Efficient Representation of Linguistic Knowledge for Continuous Speech Understanding.
Determination of Egomotion and Environmental Layout from Noisy Time-Varying Image Velocity in Binocular Image Sequences.
Covariant Policy Search.
Par-KAP: a Knowledge Acquisition Tool for Building Practical Planning Systems.
Sequential-Simultaneous Information Elicitation in Multi-Agent Systems.
Learning in the Limit in a Growing Language.
(How) Is AI Impacting Manufacturing?
Ambiguity-Directed Sampling for Qualitative Analysis of Sparse Data from Spatially-Distributed Physical Systems.
Experiments in Map-Guided Photo Interpretation.
Phase Transitions of PP-Complete Satisfiability Problems.
Parametric Correspondence and Chamfer Matching: Two New Techniques for Image Matching.
Estimating the Accuracy of Learned Concepts.
A Knowledge-Based System for Automatic Program Construction.
Phase Transitions of Bounded Satisfiability Problems.
Overview of a Display-Oriented Editor for INTERLISP.
Talking Robots: a Fully Autonomous Implementation of the Talking Heads.
A Perspective on Automatic Programming.
Image Segmentation Technique for Locating Automotive Parts on Belt Conveyors.
Automatic Programming for Streams.
Computer Description of Textured Surfaces.
APE: An Expert System for Automatic Programming from Abstract Specifications of Data Types and Algorithms.
LandScan: A Natural Language and Computer Vision System for Analyzing Aerial Images.
Determining Robot Egomotion from Motion Parallax Observed by an Active Camera.
Steps Towards the Representation of Complex Three- Dimensional Objects.
Parsing with Assertion Sets and Information Monotonicity.
Three-Dimensional Modeling.
NLP-driven IR: Evaluating Performances over a Text Classification task.
Depth from Edge and Intensity Based Stereo.
Difference Unification.
Implementing a Model of Human Plausible Reasoning.
Homing Using Combinations of Model Views.
A Theorem Prover for Prioritized Circumscription.
Conditional Causal Logic: A Formal Theory of the Meaning Generating Processes in a Cognitive System.
Temporal Projection and Explanation.
A Robust Algorithm for Determining the Translation of a Rigidly Moving Surface without Correspondence, for Robotics Applications.
Diagnosing and Solving Over-Determined Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Coping With Uncertainty in Map Learning.
Hybrid Learning Using Genetic Algorithms and Decision Trees for Pattern Classification.
The Re-use of Linguistic Resources across Languages in Multilingual Generation Components.
The Logic of Time Structures: Temporal and Nonmonotonic Features.
Phrasing a Text in Terms the User Can Understand.
A New Tractable Subclass of the Rectangle Algebra.
Analysis and Verification of Qualitative Models of Genetic Regulatory Networks: A Model-Checking Approach.
Prefixed Tableaux Systems for Modal Logics with Enriched Languages.
Using Device Models to Facilitate the Retrieval of Multimedia Design Information.
A Basis For The Acquisition Of Procedures From Protocols.
From Interaction Data to Plan Libraries: A Clustering Approach.
PHI - A Logic-Based Tool for Intelligent Help Systems.
Semantically Guided Theorem Proving for Diagnosis Applications.
Model Elimination, Logic Programming and Computing Answers.
On the Complexity of Model Checking for Propositional Default Logics: New Results and Tractable Cases.
Parameter Networks: Towards a Theory of Low-Level Vision.
Reference Frames for Animate Vision.
On the Space-Time Trade-off in Solving Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
An Approach to Knowledge-Directed Image Analysis.
Grammatical Relations as the Basis for Natural Language Parsing and Text Understanding.
On Shapes.
An Investigation of Opportunistic Constraint Satisfaction in Space Planning.
Transformational Form Perception in 3D: Constraints, Algorithms, Implementation.
Program and Protocol Analysis on a Mental Imagery Task.
Using the Representation in a Neural Network's Hidden Layer for Task-Specific Focus of Attention.
Temporal Coherence and Prediction Decay in TD Learning.
Search for a Solution: A Case Study.
Understanding the Power of Clause Learning.
A Gobal View of Automatic Programming.
A Breadth-First Parsing Model.
CASAP: A Testbed for Program Flexibility.
STAMMER2: A Rule-Based Application.
Automated Enhancement of Knowledge Representations.
Proactive Algorithms for Scheduling with Probabilistic Durations.
Informality in Program Specifications.
The Modeling of Simple Analogic and Inductive Processes in a Semantic Memory System.
Meta-Evaluation as a Tool for Program Understanding.
Fifth Generation Computer Crime Law.
Fast Concurrent Reinforcement Learners.
Integration of Neural Networks and Expert Systems for Process Fault Diagnosis.
Approximation Algorithms for Temporal Reasoning.
Resolving Plan Ambiguity for Cooperative Response Generation.
Learning Iterative Image Reconstruction.
Grid-based SensorDCSP.
Improved Knowledge Acquisition for High-Performance Heuristic Search.
A Model of Events and Processes.
Walking Control And Dynamics Of A Systems With Two Legs.
Artificial Intelligence in the Classroom.
A language for functional interpretation of model based simulation.
A Qualitative-Fuzzy Framework for Nonlinear Black-Box System Identification.
Simulating the Formation of Color Categories.
Towards Efficient Metaquerying.
Planning and Executing Office Procedures in Project ASPERA.
Recognizing Unnecessary Inference.
AI Adventures Worth Writing Home About.
Extracting Certificates from Quantified Boolean Formulas.
Inconsistency Management and Prioritized Syntax-Based Entailment.
How to Infer from Inconsisent Beliefs without Revising?
Towards a Possibilistic Logic Handling of Preferences.
Weakening Conflicting Information for Iterated Revision and Knowledge Integration.
Revision of Partially Ordered Information: Axiomatization, Semantics and Iteration.
Encoding formulas with partially constrained weights in a possibilistic-like many-sorted propositional logic.
Allocation and Scheduling for MPSoCs via decomposition and no-good generation.
Learning Strategies by Reasoning about Rules.
Approximation in Mathematical Domains.
GRASPER: A Permissive Planning Robot.
DART: An Expert System for Computer Fault Diagnosis.
Dynamic Vehicle Routing with Stochastic Requests.
The Logic of Cognitive Action.
Over-Subscription Planning with Numeric Goals.
The Model of Human Short-term Memory.
The Problem of Induction and Machine Learning.
An Interactive System to Learn Functional Logic Programs.
Satisfiability of Boolean Formulas over Linear Constraints.
Spatial Reasoning and Connectionist Inference.
SPAN: Integrating Problem-Solving Tactics.
Some Necessary Conditions for a Master Chess Program.
Experiences in Evaluation with BKG - A Program that Plays Backgammon.
An Examination of Brute Force Intelligence.
A Study of Search Methods: The Effect of Constraint Satisfaction and Adventurousness.
Computer Game Playing.
Contract Algorithms and Robots on Rays: Unifying Two Scheduling Problems.
Bounded Policy Iteration for Decentralized POMDPs.
A Set of APL Functions to Play New Eleusis.
Analogy Between Sequential Errors in Aphasia and the Behavior of a Cybernetic System (SARF).
Global Optimization of a Consistent Labeling.
Heuristic Search + Symbolic Model Checking = Efficient Conformant Planning.
Planning in Nondeterministic Domains under Partial Observability via Symbolic Model Checking.
Learning Word Meanings From Examples.
A Deterministic Parser With Broad Coverage.
Reversible Automata and Induction of the English Auxiliary System.
Circumscribing Inconsistency.
Optimal and Suboptimal Singleton Arc Consistency Algorithms.
Propagate the Right Thing: How Preferences Can Speed-Up Constraint Solving.
Using Inference to Reduce Arc Consistency Computation.
The Range and Roots Constraints: Specifying Counting and Occurrence Problems.
Refining the Basic Constraint Propagation Algorithm.
Arc Consistency for General Constraint Networks: Preliminary Results.
GSTP: A Temporal Reasoning System Supporting Multi-Granularity Temporal Constraints.
Character Recognition Using a Log-Autocorrelation Function.
The Effect of Noise on Visual Pattern Recognition.
Comparing Random Starts Local Search with Key Feature Matching.
Recognition of Occluded Objects.
A Functional Theory of Design Patterns.
Experimenting with Revisits in Game Tree Search.
Searching Game Trees in Parallel Using SSS.
Toward A Multiple Environments Model Of Natural Language.
Parallel Inference Machines (Panel).
Let's Plan It Deductively!
Towards an Advanced Implementation of the Connection Method.
Bottleneck Identification Using Process Chronologies.
Parallelism in LISP.
Articles and Resource Control.
Approximating Game-Theoretic Optimal Strategies for Full-scale Poker.
Space-Efficient Inference in Dynamic Probabilistic Networks.
A Semantic Expert Using an Online Standard Dictionary.
Workpiece Orientation Correction with a Robot Arm Using Visual Information.
A Short Note on Opportunistic Planning and Memory in Arguments.
Lexical Ambiguity as a Touchstone for Theories of Language Analysis.
Semantic Modeling for Deductive Question-Answering.
Solving Finite Domain Constraint Hierarchies by Local Consistency and Tree Search.
Constraint Solving over Semirings.
Semiring-based Constraint Logic Programming.
A Formal Modeling Scheme for Continuous Systems: Focus on Diagnosis.
In the Quest of the Missing Link.
Computational ontologies of parthood, componenthood, and containment.
System Assistance in Structured Domain Model Development.
Reasoning by Regression: Pre- and Postdiction Procedures for Logics of Action and Change.
Comparison of Different Grid Abstractions for Pathfinding on Maps.
Action Representation and Purpose: Re-evaluating the Foundations of Computational Vision.
A Logic-based Architecture for Knowledge Management.
Specular Stereo.
Interactive Disambiguation of Natural Language Input: a Methodology and Two Implementatioons for French and English.
A New Kind of Finite-State Automaton: Register Vector Grammar.
Equality Reasoning in Clause Graphics.
The Markgraf Karl Refutation Procedure.
Corpus-based, Statistical Goal Recognition.
A New Mehtod for Proving Certain Presburger Formules.
Set Variables.
Using Examples to Generate Instantiations of Set Variables.
A Man-Machine Theorem-Proving System.
Computer Proofs of Limit Theorems.
Network Learning on the Connection Machine.
The Stereo Matching Problem From the Topological Viewpoint.
A Shape Representation Based on Geometric Topology: Bumps, Gaussian Curvature, and the Topological Zodiac.
Unique Recovery of Motion and Optic Flow via Lie Algebras.
Path Consistency on Triangulated Constraint Graphs.
Optional Deep Case Filling and Focus Control with Mental Images: ANTLIMA-KOREF.
Representation of Empirically Derived Causal Relationships.
Fast Planning Through Planning Graph Analysis.
A Continuation Method for Nash Equilibria in Structured Games.
Integrating Expectations from Different Sources to Help End Users Acquire Procedural Knowledge.
A Model for Control Structures for Artificial Intelligence Programming Languages.
An Augmented State Transition Network Analysis Procedure.
Knowledge Representation.
Experience with KRL-0: One Cycle of a Knowledge Representation Language.
A Logic For Causal Reasoning.
Propositional Argumentation and Causal Reasoning.
On Bimodal Nonmonotonic Logics and Their Unimodal and Nonmodal Equivalents.
Credulous Nonmonotonic Inference.
Refining the Structure of a Stochastic Context-Free Grammar.
Solving Time-Dependent Planning Problems.
Artificial Intelligence and Legal Responsibility.
Creativity and Artificial Intelligence.
A Non-monotonic Logic for Specifying and Querying Preferences.
The Evolution of Artificial Social Systems.
Investigating the Emergence of Speech Sounds.
Some Theoretical Results Concerning Automated Game-Playing.
A Decision-Theoretic Approach to Task Assistance for Persons with Dementia.
TimeML-Compliant Text Analysis for Temporal Reasoning.
A General Semantic Analyser for Data Base Access.
Viewing Referring Expression Generation as Search.
Triangulation of 3-D Objects.
A New Approach to the Problem of Acquiring Randomly Oriented Workpieces Out of a Bin.
From Logic Programming Semantics to the Consistency of Syntactical Treatments of Knowledge and Belief.
3DPO: A Three-Dimensional Part Orientation System.
Verification Vision for Programmable Assembly.
A RANSAC-Based Approach to Model Fitting and Its Application to Finding Cylinders in Range Data.
A Model Elimination Calculus for Generalized Clauses.
Integrating Reaction Plans and Layered Competences Through Synchronous Control.
Reasoning with infinite stable models.
On the Undecidability of Description and Dynamic Logics with Recursion and Counting.
Learning of Sensory-Motor Schemas in a Mobile Robot.
Faster Heuristic Search Algorithms for Planning with Uncertainty and Full Feedback.
RUM: A Layered Architecture for Reasoning with Uncertainty.
Oil-Well Data Interpretation Using Expert System and Pattern Recognition Technique.
Dealing with Dependencies between Content Planning and Surface Realisation in a Pipeline Generation Architecture.
An Environment Model for the Integration of Logic and Functional Programming.
A Microfeature-based Scheme for Modelling Semantics.
Reconstructing an Agent's Epistemic State from Observations.
Event Calculus.
Improved bounds on the complexity of kB-consistency.
On the Definition of Specialization Hierarchies for Procedures.
ThingLab - An Object-Oriented System for Building Simulations Using Constraints.
Using Matching in Algebraic Equation Solving.
Compositional Model-Based Design.
Covering vs. Divide-and-Conquer for Top-Down Induction of Logic Programs.
SMART+: A Multi-Strategy Learning Tool.
No Faults in Structure? How to Diagnose Hidden Interactions.
Diagnosis Process Dynamics: Holding the Diagnostic Trackhound in Leash.
TREE: the Heuristic Driven Join Strategy of a RETE-Like Matcher.
Tractable Cover Compilations.
Automatic Case Analysis in Proof by Induction.
Drastic Cut of Man's Work in Reliability Studies by Using an Expert System.
Maximum Entropy and Variable Strength Defaults.
Fuzzy Causal Simulation in Process Engineering.
On the Foundations of Expected Expected Utility.
A Semantical Approach to Stable Inheritance Reasoning.
Inaccessible Worlds and Irrelevance: Preliminary Report.
Revision Sequences and Nested Conditionals.
Generalized Update: Belief Change in Dynamic Settings.
Sequential Optimality and Coordination in Multiagent Systems.
Prioritized Goal Decomposition of Markov Decision Processes: Toward a Synthesis of Classical and Decision Theoretic Planning.
Exploiting Structure in Policy Construction.
Towards Cooperative Negotiation for Decentralized Resource Allocation in Autonomic Computing Systems.
Sequential Auctions for the Allocation of Resources with Complementarities.
Bidding Languages for Combinatorial Auctions.
Process-Oriented Planning and Average-Reward Optimality.
Regret-based Utility Elicitation in Constraint-based Decision Problems.
Symbolic Dynamic Programming for First-Order MDPs.
Efficiency and envy-freeness in fair division of indivisible goods: logical representation and complexity.
Multiple Antenna Array Signal Collecting and Processing.
Splitting the atom: A new approach to Neighbourhood Interchangeability in Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
A Formalization of Equilibria for Multiagent Planning.
Rational and Convergent Learning in Stochastic Games.
Simultaneous Adversarial Multi-Robot Learning.
Bounding the Suboptimality of Reusing Subproblem.
Describing Time-Varying Data.
A Study of Selection Noise in Collaborative Web Search.
Proving Theorems about LISP Functions.
A Lemma Driven Automatic Theorem Prover for Recursive Function Theory.
Automatic Rib Detection in Chest Radiographs.
An Essential Hybrid Reasoning System: Knowledge and Symbol Level Accounts of KRYPTON.
An Extremum Principle for Shape From Contour.
A Simplifier for Propositional Formulas with Many Binary Clauses.
Reachability, Relevance, Resolution and the Planning as Satisfiability Approach.
A New Look at the Semantics and Optimization Methods of CP-Networks.
On Decision-Theoretic Foundations for Defaults.
To Encode or Not to Encode - Linear Planning.
Knowledge Considerations in Robotics and Distribution of Robotic Tasks.
R-MAX - A General Polynomial Time Algorithm for Near-Optimal Reinforcement Learning.
Towards Action Prediction Using a Mental-Level Model.
A Near-Optimal Poly-Time Algorithm for Learning a class of Stochastic Games.
Learning Admissible Heuristics while Solving Problems.
The Statistical Learning of Accurate Heuristics.
Continuous nonlinear dimensionality reduction by kernel Eigenmaps.
Stratified Case-Based Reasoning: Reusing Hierarchical Problem Solving Episodes.
On the Semantics of Supernormal Defaults.
Automated Synthesis of Constrained Generators.
Logic Programs for Consistently Querying Data Integration Systems.
An Architecture for Visualizing the Execution of Parallel Logic Programs.
Lifted First-Order Probabilistic Inference.
An Inference Model for Semantic Entailment in Natural Language.
Learning Simple Arithmetic.
A Context-Dependent Attention System for a Social Robot.
Reducing Ambiguity by Learning Assembly Specific Behaviour.
Multiagent Planning with Partially Ordered Temporal Plans.
Expected Solution Quality.
Mixed-Initiative Activity Planning for Mars Rovers.
A Shell for Intelligent Help Systems.
The Logic of Inheritance in Frame Systems.
Preferred Subtheories: An Extended Logical Framework for Default Reasoning.
An Abductive Framework for General Logic Programs and other Nonmonotonic Systems.
Answer Set Optimization.
LORD: LISP-Oriented Resolver And Data Base.
Flexible Social Laws.
What is Artificial Intelligence? Psychometric AI as an Answer.
In Defense of Hyper-Logicist AI.
A Uniform Model for Object-Oriented Languages Using the Class Abstraction.
A Formalism and Environment for the Development of a Large Grammar of English.
Hierarchical Plan Merging with Application to Process Planning.
Active Probing Strategies for Problem Diagnosis in Distributed Systems.
BDIOCTL: Obligations and the Specification of Agent Behavior.
A Model Of Human Cognitive Behavior in Writing Code For Computer Programs.
Model-Based Three Dimensional Interpretations of Two Dimensional Images.
Intelligence Without Reason.
Lisp-in-Lisp: High Performance and Portability.
Shape and Source from Shading.
A Subdivision Algorithm Configuration Space for Findpath With Rotation.
Yes, An SIMD Machine Can Be Used for AI.
Scale-Based Monotonicity Analysis in Qualitative Modelling with Flat Segments.
Steps Toward Automatic Theory Formation.
Failure Handling in a Dialogue System.
A Theorem Prover for Elementary Set Theory.
Automatic Synthesis of Numerical Computer Programs.
Modal Propositional Semantics for Reason Maintenance Systems.
Advanced Hough Transform Implementations.
An Algebraic Foundation for Truth Maintenance.
The Origin, Form, and Logic of Qualitative Physical Laws.
NLG - Natural Language Graphics.
A Logic Programming and Verification System for Recursive Quantificational Logic.
Inductive Reasoning in Mathematics.
Case Structure Systems.
Pragmatics In Speech Understanding.
HyperBF Networks for Real Object Recognition.
Is What You See What You Get?
Explanation Based Program Transformation.
Modularity and Design in Reactive Intelligence.
An Intelligent Information System for Criminal Case Management in the Federal Courts.
A Heuristic Programming Study of Theory Formation in Science.
Analysis of Behavior of Chemical Molecules: Rule Formation on Non-Homogeneous Classes of Objects.
Decidable Reasoning in Terminological Knowledge Representation Systems.
"QUESTION-ANSWER" - A Multipurpose Information System.
A Proximity Metric for Continuum Path Planning.
Robust Planning with (L)RTDP.
Amalgams of Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Lookahead Pathologies for Single Agent Search.
Picnics, Kittens And Wigs: Using Scenarios For The Sentence Competition Task.
Levels of Complexity in Discourse for Anaphora Disambiguation and Speech Act Interpretation.
Doing Arithmetic with Diagrams.
Analysing Mathematical Proofs (Or Reading Between the Lines).
Can Domain Specific Knowledge Be Generalized?
Discovery and Reasoning in Mathematics.
Raising the Standards of AI Products.
A Rational Reconstruction and Extension of Recursion Analysis.
Relational Rippling: A General Approach.
Homogenization: Preparing Equations for Change of Unknown.
A Critique of the Valiant Model.
Classifiers: A Theoretical and Empirical Study.
Active Mobile Robot Localization.
Qualitative Motion Understanding.
Liveness and Fairness Properties in Multi-Agent Systems.
Recognition in 2D Images of 3D Objects from Large Model Bases Using Prediction Hierarchies.
Real-Time Strategy Games: A New AI Research Challenge.
A System for Stereo Computer Vision with Geometric Models.
Putting Theories Together to Make Specifications.
Using Pattern-Action Rules for the Generation of GPSG Structures from MT-Oriented Semantics.
Complexity Results for Planning.
Understanding Behavior Using Consolidation.
CSRL: A Language for Expert Systems for Diagnosis.
Word Formation in Natural Language Processing Systems.
Semantical and Computational Aspects of Horn Approximations.
Complexity of Nested Circumscription and Abnormality Theories.
Cooperation between Direct Method and Translation Method in Non Classical Logics: Some Results in Propositional S5.
Extending Semantic Resolution via Automated Model Building: Applications.
Query rewriting and answering under constraints in data integration systems.
Declarative and Computational Properties of Logic Programs with Aggregates.
CABOT: An Adaptive Approach to Case-Based Search.
Evaluating Coverage for Large Symbolic NLG Grammars.
Narrative Prose Generation.
Dynamically Imroving Explanations: A Revision-Based Approach to Explanation Generation.
Towards Continuous Process Supervision.
Identification Constraints and Functional Dependencies in Description Logics.
Reasoning in Expressive Description Logics with Fixpoints based on Automata on Infinite Trees.
Visual Interpretation of Lambertian Surface Deformation.
Avoiding Pitfalls When Learning Recursive Theories.
Strategies of Cooperation in Distributed Problem Solving.
The Inferential Complexity of Bayesian and Credal Networks.
Fast convergence to satisfying distributions.
On the Decidability of Formulae Involving Continuous and Closed Functions.
Model-Based Probabilistic Reasoning for Electronics Troubleshooting.
Situated Verbal Interaction in Virtual Design and Assembly.
Finding Relations in Polynomial Time.
KL-Conc: A Language for Interacting With SI-Nets.
A Computational Model of Analogical Problem Solving.
A Computational Model of Analogical Problem Solving.
The XCALIBUR Project: A Natural Language Interface to Expert Systems.
Natural Semantics in Artificial Intelligence.
Translingual Information Retrieval: A Comparative Evaluation.
Adaptive Control of Acyclic Progressive Processing Task Structures.
An Empirical Study of the Influence of User Tailoring on Evaluative Argument Effectiveness.
A Multidimensional Semantic Framework for Adaptive Hypermedia Systems.
Exploration and Adaptation in Multiagent Systems: A Model-based Approach.
Contextual Negations and Reasoning with Contradictions.
Behavior Planning for a Reflexive Agent.
Representation and Hidden Bias II: Eliminating Defining Length Bias in Genetic Search via Shuffle Crossover.
Logic Programming with General Clauses and Defaults Based on Model Elimination.
How to Facilitate the Proof of Theorems by Using the Induction-matching, and by Generalization.
Modeling Social Action for AI Agents.
Hidden Gold in Random Generation of SAT Satisfiable Instances.
Learning Minesweeper with Multirelational Learning.
Overprvning Large Decision Trees.
On the Relation between Argumentation and Non-monotonic Coherence-Based Entailment.
Iterative Widening.
A Note on Representing Adjectives and Adverbs.
Toward a State Based Conceptual Representation.
A New Conceptually Attractive and Computationally Effective Approach to Shape From Shading.
Temporal Reasoning and Termination of Programs.
An Iterative Sampling Procedure for Resource Constrained Project Scheduling with Time Windows.
Performance Test of Local Search Algorithms Using New Types of Random CNF Formulas.
An Integration Tool for Life-Cycle Engineering.
Symbolic Evaluation of LISP Functions with Side Effects for Verification.
An Improved Di-Directional Heuristic Search Algorithm.
Integration-Kid: A Learning Companion System.
On the Revision of Probabilistic Beliefs using Uncertain Evidence.
Sensitivity Analysis in Markov Networks.
Word Sense Disambiguation with Distribution Estimation.
Towards a Functional Architecture for Intelligence Based on Generic Information Processing Tasks.
MDX and Related Medical Decision-Making Systems.
Node Aggregation for Distributed Inference in Bayesian Networks.
Nonlinear Planning: A Rigorous Reconstruction.
Input Generalization in Delayed Reinforcement Learning: An Algorithm and Performance Comparisons.
Computer Solution of Calculus Word Problems.
Jack and Janet in Search of a Theory of Knowledge.
A Partial Taxonomy of Knowledge about Actions.
Ms. Maloprop, A Language Comprehension Program.
Six Topics in Search of a Parser: An Overview of AI Language Research.
A Semantics for Probabilistic Quantifier-Free First-Order Languages, with Particular Application to Story Understanding.
Efficient Algorithms and Performance Results for Multi-User Knowledge Bases.
Heuristico-Conceptual Programming.
Compiling Bayesian Networks with Local Structure.
A Method of Computing Generalized Bayesian Probability Values for Expert Systems.
In Defense of Probability.
Where the Really Hard Problems Are.
Inverse Circumscription.
A Theory of Average-Case Compilability in Knowledge Representation.
Parameterized Compilability.
Shallow Planning and Recovery Planning Based on the Vertical Decomposition of the Flight Domain.
Image Reconstruction from Zero-Crossings.
On Bootstrapping Local Search with Trail-Markers.
Analogical Reasoning in Problem Solving.
A Model for Generating Random Quantified Boolean Formulas.
A Logic of Intention.
Candidate Ordering and Elimination in Model-Based Fault Diagnosis.
Modelling Experiments in Scientific Discovery.
Ordering Problem Subgoals.
The Rationality and Decidability of Fuzzy Implications.
Efficient Representation of Adhoc Constraints.
High-Performance A\ast Search Using Rapidly Growing Heuristics.
On Maximal Classes of Utility Functions for Efficient one-to-one Negotiation.
A Probabilistic Learning Method for XML Annotation of Documents.
Using and Refining Simplifications: Explanation-Based Learning of Plans in Intractable Domains.
Acquisition Of Moving Objects And Hand-Eye Coordination.
Image Compression and Reconstruction Using Feature Extraction.
Visual Understanding Of Hybrid Circuits Via Procedural Models.
Planning And Execution in Incompletely Specified Environments.
A Case Study of Knowledge Representation in UC.
Hierarchical Diagnosis Guided by Observations.
On a generalization of triangulated graphs for domains decomposition of CSPs.
Responsibility and Blame: A Structural-Model Approach.
Self-Organization and Segmentation with Laterally Connected Spiking Neurons.
Propagation Redundancy for Permutation Channels.
Proving Theorems in a Multi-Source Environment.
An Inconsistency Tolerant Model for Belief Representation and Belief Revision.
Control Structures for Incorporating Picture-Specific Context in Image Interpretation.
Attribution of Knowledge to Artificial Agents and their Principals.
Probabilistic Information Fusion for Multi-Modal Image Segmentation.
Abstraction by Interchangeability in Resource Allocation.
A Formal Model for Classical Planning.
Generating Information-Sharing Subdialogues in Expert-User Consultation.
Great Expectations. Part I: On the Customizability of Generalized Expected Utility.
Great Expectations. Part II: Generalized Expected Utility as a Universal Decision Rule.
Network Regions: Alternatives to the Winner-Take-All Structure.
Chain of Circles for Matching and Recognition of Planar Shapes.
Allophonic and Phonotactic Constraints Are Useful.
Towards More Intelligent Mobile Search.
Planning with graded fluents and actions.
Logical Specification of Real-Time Granular Systems in an Object Oriented Language.
Unsupervised Learning of Semantic Relations between Concepts of a Molecular Biology Ontology.
Hierarchical Semantic Classification: Word Sense Disambiguation with World Knowledge.
Where is ...? Learning and Utilizing Motion Patterns of Persons with Mobile Robots.
Formal Verification of Diagnosability via Symbolic Model Checking.
Adaptive Information Extraction from Text by Rule Induction and Generalisation.
FACILE: Classifying Texts Integrating Pattern Matching and Information Extraction.
An Antibiotic Therapy Selector which Provides for Explanations.
NEOMYCIN: Reconfiguring a Rule-Based Expert System for Application to Teaching.
Predicate Logic: A Calculus for the Formal Derivation of Programs.
Computing Optic Flow.
Reinforcement Algorithms Using Functional Approximation for Generalization and their Application to Cart Centering and Fractal Compression.
Genetic Heuristic for Search Space Exploration.
An Expert Advisor for Photolithography.
Why Good Writing Is Easier to Understand.
An Experiment in Representing the Knowledge Involved in the Specification and Design of Switching Systems.
Computing Pronoun Antecedents in an English Query System.
Multimodal Integration A Biological View.
Multimodal Interaction: A new focal area for AI.
The Need for Referent Identification as a Planned Action.
Symbolic Execution of the Gist Specification Language.
Efficient Pruning Methods for Separate-and-Conquer Rule Learning Systems.
Stacked Sequential Learning.
A Maximal Tractable Class of Soft Constraints.
A Framework for Heuristic Reasoning About Uncertainty.
A Unified Theory of Structural Tractability for Constraint Satisfaction and Spread Cut Decomposition.
A Report on FOLIO: An Expert Assistant for Portfolio Managers.
Confirmations and Joint Action.
Maps for Verbs: The Relation Between Interaction Dynamics and Verb Use.
Learning to Understand Web Site Update Requests.
Feature Selection Based on the Shapley Value.
On the Solution of Schubert's Steamroller in Many-Sorted Logic.
Dialogues Between Humans and an Artificial Belief System.
Experiments with a Search Algorithm for the Data Base of a Human Belief System.
Shape from Shading for Surfaces with Texture and Specularity.
Talking with a Robot in English.
Decision Analysis For An Experimental Robot With Unreliable Sensors.
Extending Consistent Domains of Numeric CSP.
Convergence Time Characteristics of an Associative Memory for Natural Language Processing.
On the Feasibility of Distributed Constraint Satisfaction.
Controlling Constraint Propagation.
An Adaptive Model of Decision-Making in Planning.
Plan Debugging in an Intentional System.
Planning Under Uncertainty: Some Key Issues.
Prolog in Ten Figures.
Last Steps Towards an Ultimate PROLOG.
Demonstrating PROLOG on APPLE II.
Automatic Concept Formation in Pure Mathematics.
Understanding Natural Language Through Parallel Processing of Syntactic and Semantic Knowledge: An Application to Data Base Query.
Generating Tailored Examples to Support Learning via Self-explanation.
AND Parallelism in Logic Programs.
Complexity of Determining Nonemptiness of the Core.
Complexity Results about Nash Equilibria.
Universal Voting Protocol Tweaks to Make Manipulation Hard.
Definition and Complexity of Some Basic Metareasoning Problems.
Creature Design with the Subsumption Architecture.
Learning Shape Descriptions.
Combining Stereo and Monocular Information to Compute Dense Depth Maps that Preserve Depth Discontinuities.
Model-based Diagnosis in the Real World: Lessons Learned and Challenges Remaining.
A Theory of Diagnosis for Incomplete Causal Models.
Model-Based Diagnosis Meets Error Diagnosis in Logic Programs.
Temporal Decision Trees or the lazy ECU vindicated.
The Base Selection Task in Analogical Planning.
Domain Dependence in Parallel Constraint Satisfaction.
Perceptual Anchoring of Symbols for Action.
The Use of Meta-Level Control for Coordination in a Distributed Problem Solving Network.
Reasoning About the Spatial Relationships Derived From a RAPT Program for Describing Assembly by a Robot.
Complexity Results for Propositional Closed World Reasoning and Circumscription from Tractable Knowledge Bases.
Change, Change, Change: Three Approaches.
Parallelism in Inheritance Hierarchies with Exceptions.
The Viewer's Place in Theories of Vision.
Explaining Search Results.
A rule language for modelling and monitoring social expectations in multi-agent systems.
Learning to Represent Codons: A Challenge Problem for Constructive Induction.
Device Representation and Reasoning with Affective Relations.
Reduction of Enumeration in Grammar Acquisition.
Memory-Based Navigation.
Analysis of Inheritance Mechanisms in Agent-Oriented Programming.
Coordination of Action and Perception in a Surveillance Robot.
Hypothetically Speaking Default Reasoning and Discourse-Structure.
The Use of Simulation Models and Human Advice to Build an Expert System for the Defense and Control of River Floods.
Phase Transitions of Dominating Clique Problem and Their Implications to Heuristics in Satisfiability Search.
An Attack on the Problems of Speech Analysis and Synthesis with the Power of an On-Line System.
Controlling Inference in Story Understanding.
Towards Automating Explanations.
Qualitative Reasoning in Electronic Fault Diagnosis.
Organizational Issues Arising from the Integration of the Lexicon and Concept Network in a Text Understanding System.
A Tablet Input Facility for an Interactive Graphics System.
Some Properties of Small Networks of Randomly Connected Artificial Neurons.
Symbolic Reasoning with Relative Orders of Magnitude.
When Oscillators Stop Oscillating.
A Symbol Is Not a Symbol.
A Study of Causal Discovery With Weak Links and Small Samples.
Advantages of a Transformational Grammar for Question Answering.
Some Issues in Generation From a Semantic Representation.
The Use of Explanations for Similarity-based Learning.
A Contextual Recognition System for Formal languages.
Theorem Provers as Question Answerers.
Automatic Program Synthesis in Second-Order Logic.
Improving the Efficiency of Higher Order Unification.
A System which Automatically Improves Programs.
Model-Based Diagnosis using Causal Networks.
Compiling Knowledge into Decomposable Negation Normal Form.
Utilizing Device Behavior in Structure-Based Diagnosis.
A Perspective on Knowledge Compilation.
Agent-Human Interactions in the Continuous Double Auction.
Two-Sided Bandits and the Dating Market.
Parsing = Parsimonious Covering? (Abduction in Logical Form Generation).
A Case-Based Mechanical Redesign System.
ALEPS: The Automated Logistics Element Planning System.
When Functional and Bijective Constraints Make a CSP Polynomial.
Integrating Models of Discrimination and Characterization for Learning from Examples in Open Domains.
Visual Analogy in Problem Solving.
A Cognitive Model of Visual Analogical Problem-Solving Transfer.
A Logical Approach to Reasoning by Analogy.
Interactive Transfer of Expertise: Acquisition of New Inference Rules.
Obvious Logical Inferences.
The Mercator Representation of Spatial Knowledge.
Applying Adaptive Algorithms to Epistatic Domains.
The DIPMETER ADVISOR: Interpretation of Geologic Signals.
Meta-Level Knowledge: Overview and Applications.
Towards Finding Optimal Solutions with Non-Admissible Heuristics: A New Technique.
View Learning for Statistical Relational Learning: With an Application to Mammography.
Using and Re-Using Partial Plans.
The Architecture of the FAIM-1 Symbolic Multiprocessing System.
The Role of Preprocessing in Problem Solving Systems.
Logic Program Derivation for a Class of First Order Logic Relations.
Skimming Newspaper Stories by Computer.
Generalizations Based on Explanations.
Acquiring Schemata Through Understanding and Generalizing Plans.
Extending Classical Planning to Real-World Execution with Machine Learning.
A Speech Understanding System With Learning Capability.
Temporal Reasoning Involving Counterfactuals and Disjunctions.
Large-Scale Temporal Data Bases for Planning in Complex Domains.
Decomposition Techniques for Planning in Stochastic Domains.
Learning Forward Models for Robots.
The Implementation of Expert, Knowledge-Based Systems.
Some Practicable Filtering Techniques for the Constraint Satisfaction Problem.
Mini-Buckets: A General Scheme for Generating Approximations in Automated Reasoning.
Experimental Evaluation of Preprocessing Techniques in Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
The Anatomy of Easy Problems: A Constraint-Satisfaction Formulation.
Directed Constraint Networks: A Relational Framework for Causal Modeling.
Effects of Parallelism on Blackboard System Scheduling.
An Approach to Analyzing the Need for Meta-Level Communication.
Middle-Agents for the Internet.
PEARL - A Package for Efficient Access to Representations in LISP.
Analogy and Abduction in Automated Deduction.
Equality Elimination for the Inverse Method and Extension Procedures.
GHOST: experimenting conflicts countermeasures in the pilot's activity.
Story Generation After TALE-SPIN.
Weak Conditional Logics of Normality.
A Formal Approach to Learning From Examples.
A Logic for Representing Default and Prototypical Properties.
Syntactic Conditional Closures for Defeasible Reasoning.
Considerations on a Similarity-Based Approach to Beleif Change.
Prolegomenon to a Theory of Conservative Belief Revision.
Compiling Reasoning with and about Preferences into Default Logic.
Maximization of the Average Quality of Anytime Contract Algorithms over a Time Interval.
Aggregate Functions in Disjunctive Logic Programming: Semantics, Complexity, and Implementation in DLV.
Two Semantic Worlds: A Data Base System with Provision for Natural Language Input.
An Inference Rule for Hypothesis Generation.
An Information-based Approach for Guiding Multi-Modal Human-Computer-Interaction.
Multiresolution Instance-Based Learning.
ANASTASIL: A Hybrid Knowledge-Based System for Document Layout Analysis.
Weak Equivalence for Constraint Sets.
An Architecture for Proof Planning Systems.
Cooperation of Heterogeneous Provers .
High Performance ATP Systems by Combining Several AI Methods.
Automatic Program Annotation.
Synthesis by Completion.
Ordering-Based Strategies for Horn Clauses.
Associative-Commutative Rewriting.
GARI: A Problem Solver That Plans How to Machine Mechanical Parts.
Conjectures on the Perception of Elongation.
A LISP Machine with Very Compact Programs.
A Knowledge-Based Software Information System.
Constraint Satisfaction over Connected Row Convex Constraints.
An Efficient Arc Consistency Algorithm for a Class of CSP Problems.
An Approach to Dependency Directed Backtracking Using Domain Specific Knowledge.
Inferring Image Templates from Classification Decisions.
Optimization Approaches to the Problem of Edge Linking With a Focus on Parallel Processing.
The Use of Geons for Generic 3D Object Recognition.
Vehicles Capable of Dynamic Vision.
Thoughts About a Visually Guided Grasp Reflex.
Knowledge-based Knowledge Elicitation.
Recurrent Neural Networks for Sequence Production.
The Efficacy of RUE Resolution Experimental Results and Heuristic Theory.
The Management of Heuristic Search in Boolean Experiments with Rue Resolution.
And-Or Graphs Applied to RUE Resolution.
COMODEL: A Language for the Representation of Technical Knowledge.
ASSIP-T A Theorem-Proving Machine.
Semantic Networks as Abstract Data Types.
A Learning Algorithm for Web Page Scoring Systems.
Learning Web Page Scores by Error Back-Propagation.
Integrating Explanatory and Descriptive Learning in ILP.
Preferred Arguments are Harder to Compute than Stable Extension.
Data Clustering: Principal Components, Hopfield and Self-Aggregation Networks.
The Equivalence of Model-Theoretic and Structural Subsumption in Description Logics.
An On-Line Time Warping Algorithm for Tracking Musical Performances.
Generation of Descriptions for Line Drawings.
MARK I Robot.
Connections Between the ATMS and AGM Belief Revision.
A Practical Manipulator System.
Design of a Computer Controlled Manipulator for Robot Research.
Real-Time AI Systems: A Definition and An Architecture.
"Logal": Algorithmic Control Structures for Prolog.
Computing Strongest Necessary and Weakest Sufficient Conditions of First-Order Formulas.
Computing Circumscription Revisited: Preliminary Report.
Learning Planning Heuristics through Observation.
Approximating Optimal Policies for Agents with Limited Execution Resources.
Stationary Deterministic Policies for Constrained MDPs with Multiple Rewards, Costs, and Discount Factors.
Rule Induction and Instance-Based Learning: A Unified Approach.
Process-Oriented Estimation of Generalization Error.
A New Metaphor for the Graphical Explanation of Forward-Chaining Rule Execution.
Preference-Based Configuration of Web Page Content.
Reasoning about soft constraints and conditional preferences: complexity results and approximation techniques.
Tractable Concept Languages.
Autoepistemic Description Logics.
Layered Mereotopology.
Behavior Networks for Continuous Domains using Situation-Dependent Motivations.
Selecting Tense, Aspect, and Connecting Words In Language Generation.
Channeling Constraints and Value Ordering in the QuasiGroup Completion Problem.
Generating Causal Explanation from a Cardio-Vascular Simulation.
Recognition and Depth Perception of Objects in Real World Scenes.
Discovering Chronicles with Numerical Time Constraints from Alarm Logs for Monitoring Dynamic Systems.
Situation Recognition: Representation and Algorithms.
Explaining preferences with argument positions.
A Probabilistic Model of Redundancy in Information Extraction.
Truth Maintenance Systems for Problem Solving.
A Society of Mind-Multiple Perspectives, Reasoned Assumptions, and Virtual Copies.
The Ins and Outs of Reason Maintenance.
Reasoned Assumptions and Pareto Optimality.
Reasoning About Hidden Mechanisms.
Determining the Loci of Anomalies Using Minimal Causal Models.
Stochastic Analysis of Qualitative Dynamics.
A Focused, Context-Sensitive Approach to Monitoring.
Reasoning about Action in Polynomial Time.
Expressive Reasoning about Action in Nondeterministic Polynomial Time.
Towards a Complete Classification of Tractability in Allen's Algebra.
Unrestricted And-Parallel Execution of Logic Programs with Dependency Directed Backtracking.
Cyclic Scheduling.
Induction in an Abstraction Space: A Form of Constructive Induction.
Feature Selection in Colour Images for Token Matching.
Volumetric Model and 3D-Trajectory of a Moving Car Derived from Monocular TV-Frame Sequence of a Street Scene.
Reasoning with Consistent Probabilities.
Refining and Extending the Procedural Net.
Goal Ordering in Partially Ordered Plans.
Reaction-First Search.
How Similar is VERY YOUNG to 43 Years of Age? On the Representation and Comparison of Polymorphic Properties.
Qualitative Relevance and Independence: A Roadmap.
A backbone-search heuristic for efficient solving of hard 3-SAT formulae.
Theorem Proving Under Uncertainty - A Possibility Theory-based Approach.
Combination and Propagation of Uncertainty with Belief Functions - A Reexamination.
Measure-Free Conditioning, Probability and Non-Monotonic Reasoning.
Possibilistic Logic, Preferential Models, Non-monotonicity and Related Issues.
Belief Revision and Updates in Numerical Formalisms: An Overview, with new Results for the Possibilistic Framework.
Possibility Theory as a Basis for Qualitative Decision Theory.
Using Local Information in a Non-Local Way for Mapping Graph-Like Worlds.
Map Validation and Self-location in a Graph-like World.
Generalized Connectionist Associative Memory.
On the Acceptability of Arguments and its Fundamental Role in Nonmonotonic Reasoning and Logic Programming.
An Hypothesis-Driven Vision System.
Discovering Inconsistency through Examination Dialogues.
Using Partial Global Plans to Coordinate Distributed Problem Solvers.
Increasing Coherence in a Distributed Problem-Solving Network.
The Effects of Runtime Coordination Strategies Within Static Organizations.
Recursive Plans for Information Gathering.
Multi-Agent Systems by Incremental Gradient Reinforcement Learning.
Model-Based Monitoring of Dynamic Systems.
Integration, Unification, Reconstruction, Modification: An Eternal Parsing Braid.
\RESTAURANT Revisited or "Lunch with BORIS".
Understanding Stories Through Morals and Remindings.
Naive Mechanics Comprehension and Invention in EDISON.
BORIS - An In-Dept Understander of Narratives.
Charts, Interaction-free Grammars, and the Compact Representation of Ambiguity.
Microphonemes As Fundamental Segments Of Speech Wave Primary Segmentation - Automatic Searching For Microphonemes.
Reasoning about Deduction with Unknown Constants.
Generalized Physical Networks for Automated Model Building.
Cognitive Processes and I11-Defined Problems: A Case Study from Design.
Heuristic Algorithms for Automated Space Planning.
A Fast Method for Extraction of 3-D Information Using Multiple Stripes and Two Cameras.
Consolution and its Relation with Resolution.
Mechanization of an Oracle in a Debugging System.
An Indirect Approach to Types of Speech Acts.
A Parallel-Process Model of On-Line Inference Processing.
Making the Breakout Algorithm Complete Using Systematic Search.
Retrospective Zooming: A Knowledge Based Tracking and Debugging Methodology for Logic Programming.
Graphical Debugging with the Transparent PROLOG Machine (TPM).
Toward a Model of Human Game Playing.
Subsumption And Connection Graphs.
Updating Action Domain Descriptions.
A Framework for Declarative Update Specifications in Logic Programs.
The Complexity of Nested Counterfactuals and Iterated Knowledge Base Revisions.
Curb Your Theory! A Circumspective Approach for Inclusive Interpretation of Disjunctive Information.
Semantics and Complexity of Abduction from Default Theories.
A Uniform Integration of Higher-Order Reasoning and External Evaluations in Answer-Set Programming.
Complexity Results for Structure-Based Causality.
On Solution Correspondences in Answer-Set Programming.
An Intelligent Robot with Cognition and Decision-Making Ability.
Direction Coding Method And Its Application To Scene Analysis.
A Distributed Control System for the CMU Rover.
DP-SLAM: Fast, Robust Simultaneous Localization and Mapping Without Predetermined Landmarks.
Knowledge Representation in an Expert Storm Forecasting System.
The Foundations of Cost-Sensitive Learning.
Conspiracy Numbers and Caching for Searching And/Or Trees and Theorem-Proving.
Using the Affective Reasoner to Support Social Simulations.
Generalizing Logic Circuit Designs by Analyzing Proofs of Correctness.
Abstraction via Approximate Symmetry.
A Probabilistic Framework for Recognizing Intention in Information Graphics.
Non-Cumulative Learning in METAXA.3.
The Discovery of the Equator or Concept Driven Learning.
Protocol Conformance for Logic-based Agents.
Idiolectic Language-Analysis for Understanding Doctor-Patient Dialogues.
Transactional Blackboards.
Deriving Multi-Agent Coordination through Filtering Strategies.
Multi-Agent Planning as a Dynamic Search for Social Consensus.
A Heuristic Approach to Program Inversion.
On the Discovery of Mathematical Theorems.
On Heuristic Reasoning, Reactivity, and Search.
An Environment for Experimentation with Parsing Strategies.
Sampling Combinatorial Spaces Using Biased Random Walks.
Specification and Generation of Custom-Tailored Knowledge-Acquisition Tools.
Neat Explanation of Proof Trees.
System Organizations for Speech Understanding: Implications of Network and Multiprocessor Computer Architecture for AI.
A Multi-Level Organization For Problem Solving Using Many, Diverse, Cooperating Sources Of Knowledge.
The Design and an Example Use of Hearsay-III.
A Definition-Driven Theorem Prover.
Automatic SAT-Compilation of Planning Problems.
A Critical Look at Critics in HTN Planning.
RITA - An Experimental Man-Computer System On A Natural Language Basis.
A Tractable Class of Abduction Problems.
A Random Access Picture Digitizer, Display, and Memory System.
OI-implication: Soundness and Refutation Completeness.
Flexible Matching for Noisy Structural Descriptions.
Monte Carlo Theory as an Explanation of Bagging and Boosting.
Learning to Improve both Efficiency and Quality of Planning.
Relating Default Logic and Circumscription.
A Semantics for Default Logic.
Vivid Knowledge and Tractable Reasoning.
Representation and Interpretation of Determiners in Natural Language.
Contexts for Nonmonotonic RMSes.
An Algebraic Approach to Granularity in Qualitative Time and Space Representation.
A semantic framework for multimedia document adaptation.
SAPHIR + RESEDA: A New Approach to Intelligent Data Base Access.
Reinforcement Learning in POMDPs Without Resets.
Quota and Gmin Merging Operators.
A Theory of Mapping from Structure to Function Applied to Engineering Thermodynamics.
The Generation of `Critical Problems' by Abstract Interpretations of Student Models.
The Automated Analysis of Rule-based Systems, Based on their Procedural Semantics.
Massively Parallel Support for Efficient Knowledge Representation.
Strong Equivalence for Logic Programs with Preferences.
Experimenting with Heuristics for Answer Set Programming.
Heuristics for Hard ASP Programs.
Dealing with Geometric Constraints in Game-Theoretic Planning.
Outlier Detection Using Default Logic.
Belief, Awareness, and Limited Reasoning: Preliminary Report.
Uncertainty, Belief, and Probability.
Cancellation in a Parallel Semantic Network.
Scene Analysis Based on Imperfect Edge Data.
Proportionality Graphs, Units Analysis, and Domain Constraints: Improving the Power and Efficiency of the Scientific Discovery Process.
An Examination of the Third Stage in the Analogy Process: Verification-based Analogical Learning.
Qualitative Kinematics in Mechanisms.
Reasoning about Kinematic Topology.
Local Consistency for Ternary Numeric Constraints.
Multi-agent Coordination using Local Search.
Computer-Aided Creative Mechanism Design.
Computer-Aided Creative Mechanism Design.
The Knowledge Required to Interpret Noun Compounds.
Inductive Learning in Less Than One Sequential Data Scan.
Estimating 3-0 Movement of a Rigid Object: Experimental Results.
Spaces of Theories with Ideal Refinement Operators.
Interactive Vocabulary Acquisition in XTRA.
Qualitative Decision under Uncertainty: Back to Expected Utility.
Constructive Visual Imagery And Perception.
The Coordination of Multiple Goal Satisfaction.
Intelligent Case Selection and Presentation.
Structured Modeling Language for Automated Modeling in Causal Networks.
Diagnosing Tree-Decomposable Circuits.
Artificial 3D Vision.
A 3-D Recognition and Positioning Algorithm Using Geometrical Matching Between Primitive Surfaces.
Prism Trees: A Hierarchical Representation for 3-D Objects.
Affect As Motivation For Cognitive And Conative Processes.
The Mixed Approach for Motion Planning: Learning Global Strategies from a Local Planner.
SKICAT: Sky Image Cataloging and Analysis Tool.
Multi-Interval Discretization of Continuous-Valued Attributes for Classification Learning.
Exploiting the Addressee's Inferential Capabilities in Presenting Mathematical Proofs.
The Art of Artificial Intelligence: Themes and Case Studies of Knowledge Engineering.
The Stanford Hand-Eye Project.
Constraint Satisfiability Algorithms for Interactive Student Scheduling.
The Use of Vision and Manipulation to Solve the "Instant Insanity" Puzzle.
System Support for the Stanford Hand-Eye System.
Dual Lookups in Pattern Databases.
UPML: A Framework for Knowledge System Reuse.
PeopleFinder: a Multimodal Multimedia Communications Tool for Interconnecting Office Staff.
Recognizing 3-D Motion.
Representations for Active Vision.
A Simple-Transition Model for Relational Sequences.
Verifying Integrity Constraints on Web Sites.
The Characteristic Error Approach to Conflict Resolution.
Extending DTGOLOG with Options.
An Aggregation Procedure for Building Episodic Memory.
You Are Wrong! - Automatic Detection of Interaction Errors from Brain Waves.
FGP: A Virtual Machine for Acquiring Knowledge from Cases.
Building Libraries in Prolog.
Cyclic Behavior of Randomly Crowing Digital Structures in Finite Random Environment.
The Evolutionay Process of Randomly Growing Mutated Digital Structures as a Model of Evolution of the First Living Organisms.
A Visual-Sensor Model for Mobile Robot Localisation.
Dialog-driven Adaptation of Explanations of Proofs.
Using a Cognitive Architecture to Plan Dialogs for the Adaptive Explanation of Proofs.
Deductive Retrieval Mechanisms for State Description Models.
A Network-Based Knowledge Representation and Its Natural Deduction System.
STRIPS: A New Approach to the Application of Theorem Proving to Problem Solving.
Meta-Knowledge and Meta-Reasoning.
On the Problems of Time, Retrieval of Temporal Relations, Causality, and Co-Existence.
On a Tool in Artificial Intelligence Research: An Associative Memory, Parallel Language, AMPPL-II.
Providing Help and Advice in Task Oriented Systems.
Augmenting ATNS.
Control and Integration of Diverse Knowledge in a Diagnostic Expert System.
Characterizing and Automatically Finding Primary Effects in Planning.
Planning with Primary Effects: Experiments and Analysis.
An Overview Of AL, A Programming System For Automation.
POPEL-HOW: A Distributed Parallel Model for Incremental Natural Language Production with Feedback.
Combining Probabilities, Failures and Safety in Robot Control.
Representing Flexible Temporal Behaviors in the Situation Calculus.
An Architecture for Vision and Action.
A Study in Descriptive Representation of Pictorial Data.
Perceptual Problems in Analyzing Industrial Radiographs.
Forecasting and Assessing the Impact of Artificial Intelligence on Society.
A Critic for LISP.
Machine Perception and Description of Pictorial Data.
Aspects of the Detection of Scene Congruence.
Perceptual Organization and the Curve Partitioning Problem.
Machine Perception of Linear Structure.
Using Surfaces and Object Models to Recognize Partially Obscured Objects.
Model Invocation for Three Dimensional Scene Understanding.
Noise-Tolerant Conceptual Clustering.
A Resolution Method for Temporal Logic.
Implementing BDI-like Systems by Direct Execution.
Programming Resource-Bounded Deliberative Agents.
Approaches to Conceptual Clustering.
An Empirical Comparison of ID3 and Back-propagation.
Experiments with a Network-Based Geometric Reasoning Engine.
Repairing Concavities in ROC Curves.
Representing Space for Practical Reasoning.
Analysis of Uncertainties in a Structure of Parts.
On Methods To Decide Solvability of Transformation Problems.
Recognition Algorithms for the Connection Machine.
New Approaches to Parsing Conjunctions Using Prolog.
Action Localness, Genericity and Invariants in STRIPS.
Diagrammatic Proofs.
The BATmobile: Towards a Bayesian Automated Taxi.
Qualitative Reasoning about Physical Processes.
Measurement Interpretation in Qualitative Process Theory.
The Logic of Occurrence.
Introducing Actions into Qualitative Simulation.
Scaling up Self-Explanatory Simulators: Polynomial-time Compilation.
Qualitative Kinematics: A Framework.
OPS, A Domain-Independent Production System Language.
Indirect and Conditional Sensing in the Event Calculus.
Minimizing a Makespan Under Uncertainty.
Automatic learning of domain model for personalized hypermedia applications.
Reasoning With Incomplete Knowledge in a Resource-Limited Environment: Integrating Reasoning and Knowledge Acquisition.
Hybrid STAN: Identifying and Managing Combinatorial Optimisation Sub- problems in Planning.
Using Introspective Reasoning to Refine Indexing.
The Detection and Exploitation of Symmetry in Planning Problems.
Techniques for Sensor-Based Diagnosis.
Abstraction-based Action Ordering in Planning.
Maximal Consistent Interpretations of Errorful Data in Hierarchically Modeled Domains.
Knowledge Guided Learning of Structural Descriptions.
Constrained Heuristic Search.
Dynamic Trajectory Planning Path-Velocity Decomposition and Adjacent Paths.
Tense and Aspect: A Mereological Approach.
Learning Short-Term Weights for GSAT.
Domain-Specific Keyphrase Extraction.
CM-Strategy: A Methodology for Inductive Theorem Proving or Constructive Well-Generalized Proofs.
Solving "How to Clear a Block" with Constructive Matching Methodology.
On the Efficient Classification of Data Structures by Neural Networks.
An Organization For A Dictionary of Senses.
Managing Decision Resources in Plan Execution.
A Model for Functional Reasoning in Design.
An Integrated Knowledge Based Assembly Control System for Automobile Manufacturing.
An Ontology-based Architecture for Cooperative Information Agents.
Advanced Automaton For Space Missions.
A Computer System for Visual Recognition Using Active Knowledge.
Partial Constraint Satisfaction.
Systematic Versus Stochastic Constraint Satisfaction.
Using Inferred Disjunctive Constraints To Decompose Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Extracting Constraint Satisfaction Subproblems.
Taking Advantage of Stable Sets of Variables in Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Generalizing Inconsistency Learning for Constraint Satisfaction.
Automatic Construction of a Knowledge Base by Analysing Texts in Natural Language.
A Superposition Oriented Theorem Prover.
Acquisition of Procedural Knowledge from Domain Experts.
Artificial Intelligence and Space Exploration.
Robot Control Strategy.
Robot Learning and Error Correction.
Extended Plausible Inference.
Controlling Production Firing: The FCL Language.
Challenge: What is the Impact of Bayesian Networks on Learning?
Learning Probabilistic Relational Models.
Efficiently Executing Information-Gathering Plans.
Theory Diagnoses: A Concise Characterization of Faulty Systems.
Diagnosing Temporal Misbehavior.
Using Model Theory to Specify AI Programs.
Inference without Chaining.
The Rules of Constraint Modelling.
Multiset Ordering Constraints.
Solving Non-Boolean Satisfiability Problems with Stochastic Local Search.
Building Theories into Instantiation.
Symbols and Subsymbols for Representing Knowledge: A Catalogue Raisonné.
A Static Model-Based Engine for Model-Based Reasoning.
PLANLOG: A Language Framework for the Integration of Procedural and Logical Programming.
Look-Ahead Value Ordering for Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Correct Parallel Status Assignment for the Reason Maintenance System.
Objective Functions for Feature Discrimination.
Bin-Completion Algorithms for Multicontainer Packing and Covering Problems.
Lemma Generation for Model Elimination by Combining Top-Down and Bottom-Up Inference.
Evaluating Importance: A Step Towards Text Summarization.
Image Retrieval and Disambiguation for Encyclopedic Web Search.
Active Color Image Analysis for Recognizing Shadows.
Taming the Computational Complexity of Combinatorial Auctions: Optimal and Approximate Approaches.
WHISPER: A Problem-Solving System Utilizing Diagrams and a Parallel Processing Retina.
Speeding Up Ascending-Bid Auctions.
Multi-Processor Rotation and Comparison of Objects.
Automatic Generation of Some Results in Finite Algebra.
Feature Generation for Text Categorization Using World Knowledge.
Relating the TMS to Autoepistemic Logic.
Generalization Bounds for Weighted Binary Classification with Applications to Statistical Verification.
Limited Discrepancy Beam Search.
Scaling up WA* with Commitment and Diversity.
Noise-Tolerant Windowing.
Learning University Mathematics.
Perception and Experience in Problem Solving.
Generalized Amazons is PSPACE-Complete.
Knowledge And Its Use In A Program For Going From One Place To Another.
Computing a Map from Michi-Annai-Bun or Written Descriptions.
A Deductive Question Answering System on Relational Data Bases.
Use of Data Representation Mapping in Automatic Generation of Data Base Access Procedures.
A Description and Reasoning of Plant Controllers in Temporal Logic.
Compiling Control Knowledge into Preconditions for Planning in the Situation Calculus.
Figuring Out What the User Wants: Steps Toward an Automatic Yellow Pages Assistant.
UMRAO: A Chess Endgame Tutor.
Conceptual Analysis of Noun Groups in English.
An Interactive Visual Language for Term Subsumption Languages.
The Use of Color in Highlight Identification.
A Class Library Implementation of a Principled Open Architecture Knowledge Representation Server with Plug-in Data Types.
From [R, G, B] to Surface Reflectance: Computing Color Constant Descriptors in Images.
Comparing the Conceptual Systems of Experts.
A Variable Capacitance Touch Sensor.
Learning Complex Event Descriptions by Abstraction.
Federal Programs in Artificial Intelligence.
Categorizing classes of signals by means of fuzzy gradual rules.
Representing Procedural Knowledge in Expert Systems: An Application to Process Control.
A - An Efficient Near Admissible Heuristic Search Algorithm.
A Diagnostic Algorithm based on Models at Different Level of Abstraction.
Decision Trees For Optimizing Pattern - Matching Algorithms in Production Systems.
Improving Word Sense Disambiguation in Lexical Chaining.
Managing Efficiently Temporal Relations Through Indexed Spanning Trees.
A Program For Geometrical Pattern Recognition Based On The Linguistic Method Of The Description And Analysis Of Geometrical Structures.
What's in an Aggregate: Foundations for Description Logics with Tuples and Sets.
Inferring Useful Heuristics from the Dynamics of Iterative Relational Classifiers.
Reflection as a Tool for Integration: An Exercise in Procedural Introspection.
Reified Temporal Theories and How to Unreify Them.
A Parallel Parser for Spoken Natural Language.
Towards an Integrated Logic of Space, Time and Motion.
Projection Using Regression and Sensors.
Qualitative Outline Theory.
Reasoning about Concurrent Execution Prioritized Interrupts, and Exogenous Actions in the Situation Calculus.
Proposing Measurements in Dynamic Systems.
POPS: An Application of Heuristic Search Methods to the Processing of a Nondeterministic Programming Language.
CHARADE: A Rule System Learning System.
Computational Neurolinguistics - What Is It All About?
TDIS : an Algebraic Formalization.
Terrain Navigation Through Knowledge-based Route Planning.
The Minimum Description Length Principle and Its Application to Online Learning of Handprinted Characters.
A "Hand-Eye" Robot-Simulating System.
From Q(lambda) to Average Q-learning: Efficient Implementation of an Asymptotic Approximation.
Towards Automatic Error Recovery in Robot Programs.
A Multiagent System for Helping Urban Traffic Management.
Counterfactuals.
Reasoning about Categories in Conceptual Spaces.
Does Probability Have a Place in Non-monotonic Reasoning?
Computing Parallelism in Discourse.
GIB: Steps Toward an Expert-Level Bridge-Playing Program.
Neural Executive Attentional Control in Robots.
SEEK2: A Generalized Approach to Automatic Knowledge Base Refinement.
Learning Procedural Knowledge to Better Coordinate.
An Experimental Study of Phase Transitions in Matching.
On the application of least-commitment and heuristic search in temporal planning.
Artificial Intelligence And Aesthetics.
An Inference Technique for Integrating Knowledge from Disparate Sources.
Backjumping for Quantified Boolean Logic Satisfiability.
Exactly How Good Are Heuristics?: Toward a Realistic Predictive Theory of Best-First Search.
Dependent Fluents.
A General Backtrack Algorithm That Eliminates Most Redundant Tests.
Non-Omniscient Belief as Context-Based Resoning.
Reflective Reasoning with and between a Declarative Metatheory and the Implementation Code.
Social Knowledge and Social Action: Heterogeneity in Practice.
Abstract Theorem Proving.
Phrase Structure Grammars and Natural Languages.
Existential arc consistency: Getting closer to full arc consistency in weighted CSPs.
The New Grammar Formalisms - A Tutorial Survey (Abstract).
Model Minimization, Regression, and Propositional STRIPS Planning.
Causality, Constraints and Indirect Effects.
A Probabilistic Lexical Approach to Textual Entailment.
Sound and Efficient Non-monotonic Inference.
Using Multiple Information Sources in a Computational Vision System.
An Improved Constraint-Propagation Algorithm for Diagnosis.
Syntax, Semantics, and Pragmatics in Concert: An Incremental, Multilevel Approach in Reconstructing Task-Oriented Dialogues.
A Decision-Theoretic Approach to Coordinating Multi-agent Interactions.
Recognizing Plan/Goal Abandonment.
Elements of a Utilitarian Theory of Knowledge and Action.
An Optimal Scale for Edge Detection.
A Fuzzy Modal Logic for Belief Functions.
Commenting Proofs.
Experiments with a Natural Language Problem-Solving System.
Possibilistic Temporal Reasoning based on Fuzzy Temporal Constraints.
The Teachable Letter Recognizer.
Interpreting Descriptions in a Prolog-based Knowledge Representation System.
Challenge: How IJCAI 1999 can Prove Value of AI by Using AI.
Functional Representation of Designs and Redesign Problem Solving.
Graphical Deep Knowledge for Intelligent Machine Drafting.
GLP: A General Linguistic Processor.
Deletion-Directed Search in Resolution-Dased Proof Procedures.
The Comparative Linguistics of Knowledge Representation.
Automated Physical Modeling.
The Influence Of Nonuniformity in The Models Of Automate Collective Behaviour.
An Integrated Characterization and Discrimination Scheme to Improve Learning Efficiency in Large Data Sets.
A Technique for Customizing Object-Oriented Knowledge Representation Systems, With An Application to Network Problem Management.
An Automated Consultant for MACSYMA.
Dynamic System Control Using Rule Learning and Genetic Algorithms.
A Stereo Vision System for an Autonomous Vehicle.
Learning General Search Control from Outside Guidance.
A Feature-Based Scene Matcher.
Multiple Agents Moving Target Search.
QCSP-Solve: A Solver for Quantified Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Learning And Abstraction In Simulation.
From Approximate to Optimal Solutions: Constructing Pruning and Propagation Rules.
Recent Work with the AL System.
The FLOW Tutor: A Schema-Based Tutorial System.
The Use of a Domain Model in Understanding Informal Process Descriptions.
Learning to Understand Contractual Situations.
Search Methods Using Heuristic Strategies.
Procedural Expert Systems.
Layered Networks as a Tool for Software Development.
Decision-Making in an Embedded Reasoning System.
The computational complexity of dominance and consistency in CP-nets.
A Procedural Logic.
Bargaining Between Goals.
The Semantics of Intention Maintenance for Rational Agents.
Annotated Production Systems: A Model for Skill Acquisition.
Geometrical Pattern Feature Extraction by Projection on Haar Orthonormal Basis.
NUDGE, A Knowledge-Based Scheduling Program.
Incremental Tractable Reasoning about Qualitative Temporal Constraints.
Solving Non-Markovian Control Tasks with Neuro-Evolution.
On Finding a Solution in Temporal Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
A Process Theory of Non-monotonic Inference.
Efficient Temporal Reasoning through Timegraphs.
The Conceptual Calculus For Automatic Program Understanding.
Integrating Planning and Temporal Reasoning for Domains with Durations and Time Windows.
Definition Theory as Basis for a Creative Problem Solver.
Inductive Inference on the Base of Fixed Point Theory.
Concurrency in Proof Normalization and Logic Programming.
Negative Hyper-Resolution for Proving Statements Containing Transitive Relations.
The Power of Beliefs or Translating Default Logic into Standard Autoepistemic Logic.
The Application Of Artificial Intelligence Of Data Base Management.
An Algorithm for Moving a Computer-Controlled Manipulator While Avoiding Obstacles.
Comparing Different Cognitive Paradigms with a Virtual Laboratory.
UNSEARCHMO: Eliminating Redundant Search Space on Backtracking for Forward Chaining Theorem Proving.
The Complexity of Quantified Constraint Satisfaction Problems under Structural Restrictions.
A Comparison of Structural CSP Decomposition Methods.
Simulation of Hybrid Circuits in Constraint Logic Programming.
Neuroplanners and Their Application to Eyes/Head/Neck Coordination.
Understanding System Specifications Written in Natural Language.
FOUL-UP: A Program that Figures Out Meanings of Words from Context.
Directing And Re-Directing Inference Pursuit: Extra-Textual Influences on Text Interpretation.
The Model of Human Visual Long-Term Memory with Ability for Generalization.
Incremental Diagnosis of Discrete-Event Systems.
Manipulating Descriptions of Programs for Database Access.
Branch-and-Bound and Beyond.
Non-Binary Constraints and Optimal Dual-Graph Representations.
Resolving Observer Motion by Object Tracking.
A Case Study in Structured Knowledge Acquisition.
Plausibility Measures: A General Approach For Representing Uncertainty.
Automated Adaptive Support for Task and Information Prioritizing.
An Analysis of First-Order Logics of Probability.
Application of Theorem Proving to Problem Solving.
Representation Dependence in Probabilistic Inference.
A Summary of the PSI Program Synthesis System.
A Guide to the Modal Logics of Knowledge and Belief: Preliminary Draft.
Some Rules For The Automatic Synthesis Of Programs.
Causes and Explanations: A Structural-Model Approach - Part II: Explanations.
Bidding Marginal Utility in Simultaneous Auctions.
A Learning-Based Jam Session System that Imitates a Player's Personality Model.
Shopbots and Pricebots.
Deadline Compliance, Predictability, and On-line Optimization in Real-Time Problem Solving.
Explaining and Repairing Plans that Fail.
A Computational Framework for Granularity and its Application to Educational Diagnosis.
Opportunistic Memory.
The Complexity of Theory Revision.
A Case-Based Approach to Knowledge Navigation.
Measuring and Improving the Effectiveness of Representations.
LADDER: A Language to Describe Drawing, Display, and Editing in Sketch Recognition.
What's New? A Semantic Definition of Novelty.
The COMPSET Algorithm for Subset Selection.
Incorporating Redundant Learned Rules: A Preliminary Formal Analysis of EBL.
Temporally Coarse Representation of Behavior for Model-based Troubleshooting of Digital Circuits.
Tucking RCC in Cyc's Ontological Bed.
Advances of the DBLearn System for Knowledge Discovery in Large Databases.
Automatic Programming From Data Types Decomposition Patterns.
Qualitative Modeling of RNA Structure.
Mathematical Models for Automatic Line Detection.
Integrating Knowledge-Based System and Neural Network Techniques for Robotic Skill Acquisition.
Topological Inference.
Learning Strategies for Open-Domain Natural Language Question Answering.
Automated Trend Detection with Alternate Temporal Hypotheses.
On Multi-Layered Connectionist Models: Adding Layers vs. Increasing Width.
Causal interaction: from a high-level representation to an operational event-based representation.
An Extension of the ICP Algorithm for Modeling Nonrigid Objects with Mobile Robots.
Using Case-Based Reasoning in Interpreting Unsupervised Inductive Learning Results.
On-Line Execution of cc-Golog Plans.
Models and Algorithms for Probabilistic and Bayesian Logic.
A Stochastic Approach to Qualitative Simulation using Markov Processes.
On the Relations between Probabilistic Logic and p-CMS.
The Representation and Use of Focus in a System for Understanding Dialogs.
Bayesian Classification with Correlation and Inheritance.
Using Process Knowledge in Understanding Task- Oriented Dialogs.
Shallow Semantics for Relation Extraction.
Collaborative Plans for Group Activities.
Program Derivation Using Analogy.
Discourse Structure and the Proper Treatment of Interruptions.
fMRI Analysis via One-class Machine Learning Techniques.
A Pragmatic Knowledge Acquisition Methodology.
Synthesis Of LISP Functions From Examples.
Knowledge Engineering Tools at the Architecture Level.
Machine-generated Explanations of Engineering Models: A Compositional Modeling Approach.
The Bandwidth Heuristic Search.
Is Nonparametric Learning Practical in Very High Dimensional Spaces?
The Heuristic Search And The Game Of Chess - A Study Of Quiescene, Sacrifices, And Plan Oriented Play.
Exploiting Multiple Secondary Reinforcers in Policy Gradient Reinforcement Learning.
ROBOT: A High Performance Natural Language Data Base Query System.
A Hierarchical Approach to Theorem-Proving.
Generalization of the Dempster-Shafer Theory.
Progress On A Computer Based Consultant.
A Student-Oriented Natural Language Environment For Learning LISP.
Formalizing and Using Persistency.
How Expert Should an Expert System Be?
One action is enough to plan.
Performance in Practical Problem Solving.
A Possibilistic Planner that Deals with Non-Determinism and Contingency.
Process Control by an Expert System at The Grandpuits Refinery.
A Universal Programming Language.
Optimizing a Video Preprocessor for OCR.
Limited Discrepancy Search.
Active Agent Oriented Multimodal Interface System.
Constraints in a Hybrid Knowledge Representation System.
Exploiting Interchangeabilities in Constraint-Satisfaction Problems.
Generalizing Plans to New Environments in Relational MDPs.
Problem Solving Approach In Data Management.
Max-norm Projections for Factored MDPs.
Experimental Studies Of Human Decision-Making And Its Simulation By Situation Control Technique.
Foundations of Probabilistic Logic.
Dependency Propagation: A Unified Theory of Sentence Comprehension and Generation.
Automatic Programming Using Abstract Data Types.
Joint Utterance: Intrasentential Speaker/Hearer Switch as an Emergent Phenomenon.
A Mechanized Proof Procedure for Free Intensional Logics.
Automatic Programming of Machine Vision Systems.
Learning Coordination Classifiers.
Planning for Weakly-Coupled Partially Observable Stochastic Games.
Unification-Based Glossing.
Hardware Diagnosis as Program Debugging.
Coherence and Interpretation in English Texts.
Adaptive Support Vector Machine for Time-Varying Data Streams Using Martingale.
Some Aspects Of Sensory Instrumentation For Robots And Manipulators.
Adaptive Pattern Recognition.
Structural Representation and Matching of Articulatory Speech Structures based on the Evolving Transformation System (ETS) Formalism.
Non-Standard Semantics for the Method of Temporal Arguments.
Cooperative Hybrid Systems.
Computing Near Optimal Strategies for Stochastic Investment Planning Problems.
Real-Time Path Planning for Humanoid Robot Navigation.
Artificial Thought and Emergent Mind.
A Procedural Model of Recognition.
High Performance Reasoning with Very Large Knowledge Bases: A Practical Case Study.
Platypus: A Constraint-Based Reasoning System.
Parallel Parsing for Unification Grammars.
The Representation of Concepts in OWL.
Analogy in the Large.
Sentence Extraction for Legal Text Summarisation.
Recovering Problem-Solving Activities from Query Messages.
Incremental Interpretation and Combinatory Categorial Grammar.
Control Of A PCB Drilling Machine By Visual Feedback.
Learning by Discovering Macros in Puzzle Solving.
Conditional Visuomotor Learning and Viability Theory.
Agents on Stage: Advancing the State of the Art of AI.
Concept Formation by Incremental Conceptual Clustering.
Focus of Attention in the Hearsay-II Speech Understanding System.
About The Solution Of Combinatorical Problems With Problem Solving Methods.
An Automatically Compilable Recognition Network For Structured Patterns.
Whats in a Mental Model? On Conceptual Models in Reasoning with Spatial Descriptions.
Knowledge Acquisition from Structural Descriptions.
Logic Modelling of Cognitive Reasoning.
Intelligent Monitoring and Control.
Deductive Modeling of Human Cognition.
A Representation For Robot Plans.
Corpus-Based Knowledge Representation.
Learning to Classify Observed Motor Behavior.
In Defense of Logic.
On Semantic Nets, Frames and Associations.
Anaphora for Limited Domain Systems.
A Model of Planning for Plan Efficiency: Taking Advantage of Operator Overlap.
Short Time Periods.
Multi-Strategy Construction-Specific Parsing for Flexible Data Base Query and Update.
A Framework for Processing Corrections in Task-Oriented Dialogues.
Turing Test Considered Harmful.
Processes at Discontinuities.
An Achievement Test for Knowledge-Based Systems: QUEM.
Formalizing Artistic Techniques and Scientific Visualization for Painted Renditions of Complex Information Spaces.
Color Algorithms for a General Vision System.
Simulating Non-Deductive Reasoning.
Revealing Collection Structure through Information Access Interfaces.
Learning Nested Concept Classes with Limited Storage.
Induction of Oblique Decision Trees.
Making Inferences in Natural Language Dialogs.
Validating Concepts from Automated Acquisition Systems.
Generating Noun Phrases to Identify Nodes in a Semantic Network.
X-AiD: A Shell for Building Highly Interactive and Adaptive User Interfaces.
Robust Real-Time Face Tracking and Gesture Recognition.
Query Answering in Circumscription.
Derived Semantics for Some Programming Language Constructs.
A Framework for Distributed Sensing and Control.
Marker-Passing and Microfeatures.
Multiple Approaches to Multiple Agent Problem Solving.
VERY Large Knowledge Bases - Architecture vs Engineering.
Expanding the Utility of Semantic Networks Through Partitioning.
Human Engineering for Applied Natural Language Processing.
Language Processing Via Canonical Verbs and Semantic Models.
Semantic Resolution for Horn Sets.
Theorem Proving by Covering Expressions.
An Improved Filter for Literal Indexing in Resolution Systems.
A Theoretical Framework for Consistency Techniques in Logic Programming.
Numerica: A Modeling Language for Global Optimization.
Tractable Symmetry Breaking for CSPs with Interchangeable Values.
Oz - A Programming Language for Multi-Agent Systems.
Challenges in Web Search Engines.
Representation of Experts' Knowledge in a Subdomain of Chess Intelligence.
Model Driven Visualization of Coronary Arteries.
The 3D MOSAIC Scene Understanding System.
LRTA*(k).
A Hybrid Fuzzy-Neural Expert System for Diagnosis.
Towards a Theory of Conflict Detection and Resolution in Nonlinear Plans.
Action representation and partially observable planning using epistemic logic.
Updates, actions, and planning.
Cohesion, coupling and the meta-theory of actions.
PLANNER: A Language for Proving Theorems in Robots.
Procedural Embedding of knowledge in Planner.
How To Use What You Know.
A Universal Modular ACTOR Formalism for Artificial Intelligence.
The Thought Experiment Approach to Qualitative Physics.
Knowledge Base Compilation.
Machine Learning for Software Reuse.
A Parameterised Module System for Constructing Typed Logic Programs.
Deadlock-Free Parallel Processing.
A Statistical Study of Visual Resolution Thresholds.
What kind of graphical model is the brain?
Shape Representation in Parallel Systems.
A Parallel Computation that Assigns Canonical Object-Based Frames of Reference.
Shape Recognition and Illusory Conjunctions.
A Two-dimensional Trim-Loss Problem with Sequencing Constraints.
Mental Tracking: A Computational Model of Spatial Development.
Intonation and the Intentional Structure of Discourse.
Representing Implicit And Explicit Time Relations In Narrative.
Explanation-based Generalization in a Logic- Programming Environment.
Theoretical Underpinnings of Version Spaces.
A Resolution Theorem for Algebraic Domains.
Optimistic Parallel biscrete Relaxation.
Modeling Command Entities.
Metaphor Interpretation as Selective Inferencing.
Selective Attention in Dynamic Vision.
Granularity.
Unsupervised Learning by Backward Inhibition.
Text Plans and World Plans in Natural Discourse.
Characterizing Belief with Minimum Commitment.
Local Pragmatics.
Complete Inference Rules for the Cancellation Laws.
Solving Problems by Formula Manipulation in Logic and Linear Inequalities.
Visual Detection of Noisy Patterns.
The Search Ahead Conflict Resolution for Parallel Firing of Production Systems.
An Analysis of Psychological Experiments on Non-Monotonic Reasoning.
Persuasion among Agents: An Approach to Implementing a Group Decision System Based on Multi-Agent Negotiation.
Color Picture Processing By Computer.
Beyond Domain-Independence: Experience With the Development of a German Language Access System to Highly Diverse Background Systems.
A Distributed Approach for Inferring Production Systems.
Solving POMDPs with Continuous or Large Discrete Observation Spaces.
A Revised Algorithm for Latent Semantic Analysis.
Acquiring Knowledge by Efficient Query Learning.
A Structure-Based Variable Ordering Heuristic for SAT.
Local Search Topology in Planning Benchmarks: An Empirical Analysis.
DPLL with a Trace: From SAT to Knowledge Compilation.
A Covering Problem for Hypercubes.
Parallel Iterative A* Search: An Admissible Distributed Heuristic Search Algorithm.
A New Method to Index and Query Sets.
Proof Verbalization as an Application of NLG.
The Cluster-Abstraction Model: Unsupervised Learning of Topic Hierarchies from Text Data.
Reasoning with Inconsistent Ontologies.
Latent Class Models for Collaborative Filtering.
Object Identification in a Bayesian Context.
Learning to Coordinate Controllers - Reinforcement Learning on a Control Basis.
A Methodology for Real Time Scene Analysis.
Using Generic Knowledge in Analysis of Aerial Scenes: A Case Study.
Social Dilemmas in Computational Ecosystems.
Detection of Buildings in Aerial Images Using Shape and Shadows.
Comparing Best-First Search and Dynamic Programming for Optimal Multiple Sequence Alignment.
A Mechanization of Type Theory.
Intermediate Decision Trees.
A Simple Model for Handwriting.
Toward Structured Retrieval in Semi-structured Information Spaces.
Concept Learning and the Problem of Small Disjuncts.
Plausible Inferencing Using Extended Composition.
Generation, Local Receptive Fields and Global Convergence Improve Perceptual Learning in Connectionist Networks.
Knowledge Utilization in Handwritten Zip Code Recognition.
SAT-Encodings, Search Space Structure, and Local Search Performance.
Cho-k-NN: A Method for Combining Interacting Pieces of Evidence in Case-Based Learning.
Fault-Tolerant Context-Based Interpretation of Mathematical Formulas.
Toward a Probabilistic Formalization of Case-Based Inference.
Spatial Object Perception from an Image.
Optimal Refutations for Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Towards a Science of Image Understanding.
Combining Bodies of Dependent Information.
Knowledge Structure Definition for an Expert System in Primary Medical Care.
Admissible Hypotheses and Enhanced Learning.
Modelling Simple Dialogs.
Evaluating Significance of Inconsistencies.
Ontology Reasoning in the SHOQ(D) Description Logic.
Iterated Belief Change: A Transition System Approach.
Decidability of SHIQ with Complex Role Inclusion Axioms.
A Tableaux Decision Procedure for SHOIQ.
Data Complexity of Reasoning in Very Expressive Description Logics.
Automated Generation of Understandable Contingency Plans.
On Evaluating Decision Procedures for Modal Logic.
Visual Routines and Visual Search: A Real-Time Implementation and an Automata-Theoretic Analysis.
On the Relation of Resolution and Tableaux Proof Systems for Description Logics.
Continual Computation Policies for Allocating Offline and Real-Time Resources.
MDL-based Acquisition of Substitutability Relationships between Discourse Connectives.
Reflection and Action Under Scarce Resources: Theoretical Principles and Empirical Study.
Efficient Stochastic Local Search for MPE Solving.
Computer-Aided Design for a Reader of Hand-Printed Characters.
Combining Structural Descriptions and Image-based Representations for Image, Object, and Scene Recognition.
Time-Domain, Digital Segmentation Of Connected Natural Speech.
Meeting the Interlocking Needs of LF-Computation Deindexing and Inference: An Organic Approach to General NLU.
Integrating Text Planning and Production in Generation.
Graph Grammar Approach to Natural Language Parsing and Understanding.
Constraint Reasoning Based on Interval Arithmetic.
Evolutionary Learning Strategy using Bug-Based Search.
Reasoning of Geometric Concepts based on Algebraic Constraint-directed Method.
Grasp Planning from Human Prehension.
Integrating Multiple Internet Directories by Instance-based Learning.
A Locomotion Control System for Mobile Robots.
Nonmonotonic Model Inference-A Formalization of Student Modeling.
Task Ontology Makes It Easier To Use Authoring Tools.
Recognition of 3-D Objects Using the Extended Gaussian Image.
Extending Logic Programming to Object Programming: The System Lap.
Physical Constraints on Human Robot Interaction.
Integration of Syntactic, Semantic and Contextual Information in Processing Grammatically Ill-Formed Inputs.
Results on Translating Defaults to Circumscription.
Domain Abstraction and Limited Reasoning.
Remote-Brained Robots.
Building a Bridge Between AI and Robotics.
Consequence-Finding Based on Ordered Linear Resolution.
Vision Based Robot Behavior: Tools and Testbeds for Real-World AI Research.
Learning Extended Logic Programs.
Bottom-up Abduction by Model Generation.
Equivalence in Abductive Logic.
Abductive Framework for Nonmonotonic Theory Change.
Abducing Priorities to Derive Intended Conclusions.
Subgoal Ordering and Goal Augmentation for Heuristic Problem Solving.
A Many-Sorted Resolution Based on an Extension of a First-Order Language.
Force Control in Coordination of Two Arms.
Using Global Properties for Qualitative Reasoning: A Qualitative System Theory.
Active Diagnosis by Self-Organization: An Approach by The Immune Network Metaphor.
Moving Target Search.
Distributed Vision System: A Perceptual Information Infrastructure for Robot Navigation.
State Space Construction by Attention Control.
VAMBAM: View and Motion-based Aspect Models for Distributed Omnidirectional Vision Systems.
Generation of Japanese Sentences From Conceptual Representation.
Inexact Inference for Rule-Based Damage Assessment of Existing Structures.
Prolog-ELF Incorporating Fuzzy Logic.
A Layered Brain Architecture for Synthetic Creatures.
Distinctions and Confusions: A Catalogue Raisonne.
Actions and Movements.
Efficient Interpretation Policies.
Use of Off-line Dynamic Programming for Efficient Image Interpretation.
Comparative Analysis of STructurally Different Dynamical Systems.
Neural Network Based Photometric Strereo Using Illumination Planning.
State Abstraction Discovery from Irrelevant State Variables.
A Web-Based Compositional Modeling System for Sharing of Physical Knowledge.
Learning Concept Classification Rules Using Genetic Algorithms.
Modeling Time in Hybrid Systems: How Fast Is "Instantaneous"?
An Agent Architecture for Multi-Attribute Negotiation.
How Things are Intended to Work: Capturing Functional Knowledge in Device Design.
Dialogue Actions for Natural Language Interfaces.
Heuristics In The Alloy Designing.
An Expert System for Understanding Expressions from Electric Circuit Analysis.
Hierarchical Bayesian Clustering for Automatic Text Classification.
Chromatic Stereopsis.
A Planning Algorithm for Predictive State Representations.
Model minimization by linear PSR.
Research Excellence Award: Relationship Between Natural Language Processing and AI.
Using core beliefs for point-based value iteration.
On the Semantics of Counterfactuals.
Approximate Responses from a Data Base Query System: An Application of Inferencing in Natural Language.
A General Proof Method for First-Order Modal Logic.
Some Frills for the Modal Tic-Tac-Toe of Davies and Isard: Semantics of Predicate Complement Constructions.
Generation in a Natural Language Interface.
Control of Inference: Role of Some Aspects of Discourse Structure-Centering.
A Knowledge Framework for Natural Language Analysis.
Simplification and Abstraction of Kinematic Behaviors.
Robot Decisions Based on Maximizing Utility.
Towards domain-independent, task-oriented, conversational adequacy.
The US and Japan Cooperative AI Research and Development.
SISP/1: An Interactive System Able to Synthesize Functions from Examples.
A Coincidence Detection Network for Spatio-Temporal Coding: Application to Nominal Composition.
Church-Rosser Properties of Weakly Terminating Term Rewriting Systems.
Search Versus Knowledge in Game-Playing Programs Revisited.
Constraints as Data: A New Perspective on Inferring Probabilities.
Domain-Dependent Single-Agent Search Enhancements.
Minimum Cross-Entropy Reasoning: A Statistical Justification.
A Correct Non-Monotonic ATMS.
Completeness of the Negation as Failure Rule.
Prioritized Defaults: Implementation by TMS and Application to Diagnosis.
Separating Non-Stationary from Stationary Scene Components in a Sequence of Real World TV Images.
A Cumulative-Model Semantics for Dynamic Preferences on Assumptions.
Combining Memory and Landmarks with Predictive State Representations.
History-based Interpretation of Finite Element Simulations of Seismic Wave Fields.
Impression Monitoring in Evaluation-Oriented Dialog - The Role of the Listener's Assumed Expectations and Values in the Generation of Informative Statements.
Path-Planning for Autonomous Training on Robot Manipulators in Space.
Adaptive Provision of Evaluation-Oriented Information: Tasks and Techniques.
Learning to Achieve Goals.
Leveraging Data About Users in General in the Learning of Individual User Models.
UNIFORM: A Language Based upon Unification which Unifies (Much of) LISP, PROLOG, and ACT I.
Automation of Diagrammatic Proofs in Mathematics.
From Application Shell to Knowledge Acquisition System.
Automation of Diagrammatic Reasoning.
MORE: An Intelligent Knowledge Acquisition Tool.
Composition in Hierarchical CLP.
Searching to Variable Depth in Computer Chess.
A Constraint Satisfaction Approach to Parametric Differential Equations.
How to Use Limited Memory in Heuristic Search.
A Novelty Detection Approach to Classification.
Switching from Bidirectional to Unidirectional Search.
Using Case-Base Data to Learn Adaptation Knowledge for Design.
A-System: Problem Solving through Abduction.
An Introduction to the Heuristic Programming System.
Learning to Diagnose by Doing.
On the Design of Social Diagnosis Algorithms for Multi-Agent Teams.
Agent-Based Computing: Promise and Perils.
Computer-Aided Studies of All Possible Shortest Single Axioms for the Equivalential Calculus.
Generalised Inference and Inferential Modelling.
Autonomous Concept Formation.
Reflection Patterns for Interactive Knowledge Capture.
AI in Telecommunications.
On the Utility of Systematicity: Understanding Tradeoffs between Redundancy and Commitment in Partial-ordering Planning.
Algorithms for Identifying Rigid Subsystems in Geometric Constraint Systems.
Admissible Pruning Strategies based on plan minimality for Plan-Space Planning.
Predicate-Oriented Isomorphism Elimination in Model Finding.
Challenges in Bridging Plan Synthesis Paradigms.
Semantic Argument Classification Exploiting Argument Interdependence.
Improving Graphplan's Search with EBL & DDB Techniques.
Boosting Face Identification in Airports.
Title Generation for Machine-Translated Documents.
Control of Refitting during Plan Reuse.
Learning with Labeled Sessions.
Spectral Learning.
A Novel Approach to Model Generation for Heterogeneous Data Classification.
A Vectorization Technique for Prolog without Explosion.
Iterated Belief Revision, Revised.
Model Representations and Control Structures in Image Understanding.
Model Expert System MES.
Branch & Bound Formulation for Sequential and Parallel Game Tree Searching: Preliminary Results.
Web Watcher: A Tour Guide for the World Wide Web.
Qualitative Simulation of Genetic Regulatory Networks: Method and Application.
EGS: A Transformational Approach to Automatic Example Generation.
Automatic Text-to-Scene Conversion in the Traffic Accident Domain.
Type Inference in Prolog and Its Application.
The Commercialization of AI: Part 1. The User Viewpoint (Panel).
Structure from Motion Without Correspondence: General Principle.
Logic and Feature Structures.
Concurrent Programming of Intelligent Robots.
Strolling Down The Garden Path: Error Prone Tasks in Expert Problem Solving.
A Model for Projection and Action.
Shifting Meaning Representations.
Body Movement Analysis of Human-Robot Interaction.
Activation-Based Parsing.
Representation of Temporal Knowledge.
Feedback as a Coindexing Mechanism in Connectionist Architectures.
Variable-Depth Natural Language Understanding.
Vive la difference! Individualised Interaction with Users.
Maximum Entropy in Nilsson's Probabilistic Logic.
Dependency Relationship Based Decision Combination in Multiple Classifier Systems.
Understanding and Automating Algorithm Design.
Signal-to-Score Music Transcription using Graphical Models.
Augmented Transition Networks as Psychological Models of Sentence Comprehension.
An Equational Approach to Theorem Proving in First-Order Predicate Calculus.
Using a Feature Algebra for Reasoning about Geometric Feature Interactions.
Conditional progressive planning under uncertainty.
Reasoning with Incomplete Initial Information and Nondeterminism in Situation Calculus.
The Generic Frame Protocol.
Knowledge Representation in the Large.
A Circumscriptive Formalization of the Qualification Problem.
Soundness and Completeness Theorems for Three Formalizations of Action.
A Simple Formalization of Actions Using Circumscription.
A Music Stream Segregation System Based on Adaptive Multi-Agents.
Organization of Hierarchical Perceptual Sounds: Music Scene Analysis with Autonomous Processing Modules and a Quantitative Information Integration Mechanism.
PRISM: A Parallel Inference System for Problem Solving.
The Intelligent Channel: A Scheme for Result Sharing in Logic Programs.
GSAT and Local Consistency.
Branch and Bound with Mini-Bucket Heuristics.
Motivated Agents.
A Computational Framework for the Visual Correspondence Problem.
Adaptation-Based Explanation: Extending Script/Frame Theory to Handle Novel Input.
Analyzing Oriented Patterns.
A Precedence Scheme for Selection and Explanation of Therapies.
Semantics of Perspectival Utterances.
Multiple Perspective Interactive Video.
A Unified View of Propositional Knowledge Base Updates.
A Unified View of Consequence Relation, Belief Revision and Conditional Logic.
Recognition of Handwritten Numerals Using a Decision Graph.
A Heuristic Approach to Program Verification.
An Advisory System for Developing Data Representations.
Balance and Filtering in Structured Satisfiable Problems.
Unifying SAT-based and Graph-based Planning.
SIS: A Shell for Interview Systems.
Grand Challenge AI Applications.
Efficient Reinforcement Learning in Factored MDPs.
High Performance Natural Language Processing on Semantic Network Array Processor.
A Sparse Sampling Algorithm for Near-Optimal Planning in Large Markov Decision Processes.
The RoboCup Synthetic Agent Challenge 97.
DP-matching: With or Without Phonemes?
Industrial Strength Knowledge Bases: Issues and Experiences - Knowledge Base Stability, Memory: Unitorm or Structured, Integrity, Knowledge Acquisition and the User Interface, Joint Knowledge Base Development, Intertaces to Databases (Panel).
Towards a Computable Model of Meaning-Text Relations Within a Natural Sublanguage.
Automatic Hypertext Keyphrase Detection.
A Homogeneous Framework for Visual Recognition.
Intelligent Assistants for Knowledge and Information Resources Management.
The Use of Dynamically Extracted Context for Anaphoric Reference Resolution.
Deductive Methods for Large Data Bases.
Multiple Representations of Knowledge in a Mechanics Problem-Solver.
A Hybrid Genetic Algorithm for Classification.
A Comparison of ATMS and CSP Techniques.
An Evaluation of DRete on CUPlD for OPSS Matching.
Trading off the Costs of Inference vs. Probing in Diagnosis.
A Framework for Incremental Syntactic Tree Formation.
Diagnosis with Behavioral Modes.
Environmental Labelings in Low-Level Image Understanding.
What's in a Deep Model? A Characterization of Knowledge Depth in Intelligent Safety Systems.
What is a `Degenerate' View?
Factored A Search for Models over Sequences and Trees.
On Seeing Spaghetti: A Novel Self-Adjusting Seven Parameter Hough Space for Analyzing Flexible Extruded Objects.
The Superiority of Relative Criteria in Partial Matching and Generalization.
A Planning/Scheduling Methodology for the Constrained Resource Problem.
A Paradigm for Reasoning by Analogy.
A Comprehensive and Practical Model of Memory-Based Machine Translation.
Programming in Autoepistemic Logic.
Biologically Inspired Defenses Against Computer Viruses.
Distributed Clustering Based on Sampling Local Density Estimates.
How to Prove Higher Order Theorems in First Order Logic.
Computers and Thought Award : Challenges of Massive Parallelism.
Postulates for Conditional Belief Revision.
Semantic Language And The Problem Of Goal Formation Modelling in Human Thinking.
Compound Effects of Top-down and Bottom-up Influences on Visual Attention During Action Recognition.
Some Principles Of Artificial Learning That Have Emerged From Examples.
Uncertainty Management in a Distributed Knowledge Based System.
Are Many Reactive Agents Better Than a Few Deliberative Ones?
Default-Reasoning with Models.
Filling Knowledge Gaps in a Broad-Coverage Machine Translation System.
Relational Learning for NLP using Linear Threshold Elements.
Case Base Adaptation Using Solution-Space Metrics.
Temporal Constraint Reasoning With Preferences.
Deploying Information Agents on the Web.
Tractable Pareto Optimization of Temporal Preferences.
A Model for Hormonal Modulation of Learning.
Learning to Compete in Heterogeneous Web Search Environments.
Knowledge Based Error Recovery in Industrial Robots.
A Model-Theoretic Counterpart of Loop Formulas.
Relational Learning for Email Task Management.
Planning, Executing, Sensing, and Replanning for Information Gathering.
Parallelism in AI Programs.
Learning Decision Lists over Tree Patterns and Its Application.
Don't Be Stupid.
Using Situation Descriptions and Russellian Attitudes for Representing Beliefs and Wants.
Perturbation: A Means for Guiding Generalization.
Stable Model Checking Made Easy.
Redundancy-free Island Parsing of Word Graphs.
Massively Parallel Memory-Based Parsing.
Fuzzy Logic and the Resolution Principle.
Spoken Language Translation System.
Trivializing the Proof of Trivial Theorems.
The Backbone of the Travelling Salesperson.
Biologically-Inspired Self-Assembly of Two-Dimensional Shapes Using Global-to-Local Compilation.
Visual Reasoning in Geometry Theorem Proving.
DISCIPLE-1: Interactive Apprentice System in Weak Theory Fields.
Solving Factored MDPs via Non-Homogeneous Partitioning.
Knowledge Analysis on Process Models.
Real-Time Search in Non-Deterministic Domains.
Proactive Dialogue for Interactive Knowledge Capture.
Artificial Intelligence and Automatic Programming in CAI.
A Computational Model for Causal and Diagnostic Reasoning in Inference Systems.
Executing Reactive, Model-based Programs through Graph-based Temporal Planning.
A Study of Cross-Validation and Bootstrap for Accuracy Estimation and Model Selection.
RHINOS: A Consultation System for Diagnoses of Headache and Facial Pain.
Oblivious Decision Trees, Graphs, and Top-Down Pruning.
Adaptive Personal Information Filtering System that Organizes Personal Profiles Automatically.
A Goal-Directed Intermediate Level Executive for Image Interpretation.
Design Characteristics of a Machine Translation System.
An Adaptive Architecture for Modular Q-Learning.
Ghosts in the Machine: An AI Treatment of Medieval History.
An Evolutionary Algorithm Extended by Ecological Analogy and its Application to the Game of Go.
Multi-Perspective Modeling of the Air Camaign Planning Process.
Constraint Satisfaction, Databases, and Logic.
Commitment and Effectiveness of Situated Agents.
Second-Order Matching modulo Evaluation: A Technique for Reusing Proofs.
Pattern Recognition by an Artificial Tactile Sense.
Bidirectional Best-First Search with Bounded Error: Summary of Results.
Pattern Classification of the Grasped Object by the Artificial Hand.
Multi-Agent Influence Diagrams for Representing and Solving Games.
GOALEM from Prague.
Generating and Solving Imperfect Information Games.
Algebraic Manipulations as a Unification and Matching Strategy for Linear Equations in Signed Binary Trees.
Learning Probabilities for Noisy First-Order Rules.
Massively Parallel Artificial Intelligence.
Refinement Strategies for Inductive Leaming of Simple Prolog Programs.
Computing Factored Value Functions for Policies in Structured MDPs.
A Computer Model for Certain Classes of Verbal Behavior.
NoA - A Normative Agent Architecture.
Outlines of a Computer Model of Motivation.
Organization and Retrieval in a Conceptual Memory for Events or CON 54, Where Are You?
A New Method of 3-D Motion Analysis Using a Concept of Projective Geometry.
A Process Model of Cased-Based Reasoning in Problem Solving.
A Causal Time Ontology for Qualitative Reasoning.
Can we assign attitudes to a computer based on its beeps? Toward an effective method for making humans empathize with artificial agents.
A Theoretical Evaluation of Selected Backtracking Algorithms.
Quantifying information and contradiction in propositional logic through test actions.
Reasoning under inconsistency: the forgotten connective.
Incremental Syntactic and Semantic Processing.
A Metalanguage Representation of Relational Databases for Deductive Question-Answering Systems.
A Deductive Model of Belief.
A Computational Theory of Belief Introspection.
On the Relation Between Default Theories and Autoepistemic Logic.
On the Relation Between Autoepistem ic Logic and Circumscription.
Markov Localization using Correlation.
Ascribing Plans to Agents.
A Representationalist Theory of Intention.
Between Regions and Objects - Surfaces and Volumes.
On Biases in Estimating Multi-Valued Attributes.
Semi-Automated Analysis of Protocols From Novices and Experts Solving Physics Problems.
A Fast Normalized Maximum Likelihood Algorithm for Multinomial Data.
A Nonparametric Valley-Seeking Technique for Cluster Analysis.
A Framework for Communication Planning on Mobile Devices.
Using Neutral Examples for Learning Polarity.
An Improved Algorithm for Optimal Bin Packing.
Delayed Duplicate Detection: Extended Abstract.
Inversion of Applicative Programs.
Iterative-Deepening-A*: An Optimal Admissible Tree Search.
Generalized Game Trees.
From Approximate to Optimal Solutions: A Case Study of Number Partitioning.
A Divide and Conquer Bidirectional Search: First Results.
The Use of Parallelism to Implement a Heuristic Search.
Equality for Prolog.
Collective AI: context awareness via communication.
Using AI and simulations to design and control space habitats.
Information Extraction from Web Documents Based on Local Unranked Tree Automaton Inference.
Amalgamating Multiple Programming Paradigms in PROLOG.
Experience Learning in Model-Based Diagnostic Systems.
Two-Level Model for Morphological Analysis.
Empirical and Model-based Reasoning in Expert Systems.
Logic Programing in Artificial Intelligence.
Panel on the Fifth Generation Project.
Computer Representation of the Law.
Time-Oriented Features for Medical Consultation Systems.
Hierarchical Genetic Algorithms Operating on Populations of Computer Programs.
Gene Duplication to Enable Genetic Programming to Concurrently Evolve Both the Architecture and Work-Performing Steps of a Computer Program.
A Hybrid Rule-based System: How Variables are Involved in Connectionist Rule-based Systems.
Can We Benefit from Metrics in KBS Development?
Maximizing Flexibility: A Retraction Heuristic for Oversubscribed Scheduling Problems.
A Note on Deduction Rules with Negative Premises.
Probabilistically Survivable MASs.
Negotiations Over Time in a Multi-Agent Environment: Preliminary Report.
Optimal Nonmyopic Value of Information in Graphical Models - Efficient Algorithms and Theoretical Limits.
Modeling the Basic Meanings of Path Relations.
Efficient Parameterizable Type Expansion for Typed Feature Formalisms.
An Evidence-based Framework for a Theory of Inheritance.
On the Declarative Semantics of Inheritance Networks.
A Complete Classification of Complexity in Allens Algebra in the Presence of a Non-Trivial Basic Relation.
The Textural Analysis.
Robotic Perception of Material.
Transfer in Learning by Doing.
Determining What to Learn Through Component-Task Modeling.
On a Tool for Reasoning with Mass Distributions.
An Equipment Model and its Role in the Interpretation of Noun Phrases.
Agent-Based Control for Object Manipulation with Modular Self-reconfigurable Robots.
A Unified Framework of Propositional Knowledge Base Revision and Update Based on State Transition Models.
Problems of Selecting A Galt For An Integrated Locomotion Robot.
Correspondence-guided Synchronous Parsing of Parallel Corpora.
Unification of Idempotent Functions.
Modeling Spatial Knowledge.
The Limits of Qualitative Simulation.
Taming Intractible Branching in Qualitative Simulation.
How to Discover a Knowledge Representation for Causal Reasoning by Studying an Expert Physician.
Temporal Event Conceptualization.
Confidence Based Dual Reinforcement Q-Routing: An adaptive online network routing algorithm.
A New Logic of Beliefs: Monotonic and Non-Monotonic Beliefs - Part 1.
Qualitative Recognition of Ongoing Human Action Sequences.
Performance Comparison of Models for Multiple Rule Firing.
Matchmaking for Information Agents.
Intelligent Multimedia Indexing and Retrieval through Multi-source Information Extraction and Merging.
A Method of Pattern Recognition Using Rewriting Rules.
Generating Causal Networks for Mobile Multi-Agent Systems with Qualitative Regions.
Qualitative Analysis of Causal Graphs with Equilibrium Type-Transition.
Wrapper Induction for Information Extraction.
Computing Least Common Subsumers in ALEN.
Planning The Activity Of Robot With Artificial Intelligence.
An MCMC Approach to Solving Hybrid Factored MDPs.
The Incomplete Database.
Coherence of Laws.
Objective Probabilities.
Evidential Probability.
Dynamic Bayesian modeling of the cerebral activity.
Resource Temporal Networks: Definition and Complexity.
Complete MCS-Based Search: Application to Resource Constrained Project Scheduling.
Planning with Sharable Resource Constraints.
Semantics and Conversations for an Agent Communication Language.
Integrating Model-Based Monitoring and Diagnosis of Complex Dynamic Systems.
The Completeness of a Natural System for Reasoning with Time Intervals.
A Modular Tool Kit for Knowledge Management.
Approximate Policy Iteration using Large-Margin Classifiers.
More on the Power of Demand Queries in Combinatorial Auctions: Learning Atomic Languages and Handling Incentives.
A Universal Weak Method: Summary of Results.
Sequence Extrapolation.
Tractable Meta-Reasoning in Propositional Logics of Belief.
A Model of Decidable Introspective Reasoning with Quantifying-In.
All They Know: A Study in Multi-Agent Autoepistemic Reasoning.
A Logical Account of Relevance.
Semantics for a useful fragment of the situation calculus.
Query Evaluation and Progression in AOL Knowledge Bases.
Finite Domain Constraint Solver Learning.
Using a Bayesian Network Induction Approach for Text Categorization.
Evaluating Classifiers by Means of Test Data with Noisy Labels.
Optimizing Recursive Information-Gathering Plans.
Constraint Propagation and Value Acquisition: Why we should do it Interactively.
Event-Based Reasoning for Short Circuit Diagnosis in Power Transmission Networks.
Understanding the Role of Negotiation in Distributed Search Among Heterogereous Agents.
Causal Theories of Action: A Computational Core.
Hidden Uncertainty in the Logical Representation of Desires.
Dynamic Memories: Analysis of an Integrated Comprehension and Episodic Memory Retrieval Model.
BACON: A Production System That Discovers Empirical Laws.
Learning Effective Search Heuristics.
BACON.5: The Discovery of Conservation Laws.
Average-Case Analysis of a Nearest Neighbor Algorithm.
Three Facets of Scientific Discovery.
ONYX: An Architecture for Planning in Uncertain Environments.
Automatically Inferring Database Schemas.
Localized Search for Multiagent Planning.
Scope and Abstraction: Two Criteria for Localized Planning.
Automatic Evaluation of Text Coherence: Models and Representations.
Constructive Inductive Logic Programming.
Three Truth Values for the SAT and MAX-SAT Problems.
Scaling the Dynamic Approach to Autonomous Path Planning: Planning Horizon Dynamics.
Merging Constraint Satisfaction Subproblems to Avoid Redundant Search.
Resolution in Max-SAT and its relation to local consistency in weighted CSPs.
In the quest of the best form of local consistency for Weighted CSP.
Orientation and Qualitative Angle for Spatial Reasoning.
Some Thoughts about Representing Knowledge in Instructional Systems.
Domain Specific Debugging Aids for Novice Programmers.
Explorations with a Simulation Model of Short-Term Memory.
Model Structuring and Concept Recognition: Two Aspects of Learning for a Mobile Robot.
Finding Collision-Free Smooth Trajectories for a Non-Holonomic Mobile Robot.
From knowledge-based programs to graded belief-based programs, part II: off-line reasoning.
Optic Flow Field Structure And Processing Image Motion.
Approximating Pseudo-Boolean Functions on Non-Uniform Domains.
Training for Extremum Determination of Function of Variables Measured in Names Scale.
Focusing Construction and Selection of Abductive Hypotheses.
Learning to Integrate Multiple Knowledge Sources for Case-Based Reasoning.
An Interactive Program for Conversational Elecitation of Decision Structures.
Cancelled Due To Lack Of Interest.
IPP Program Description.
The Nature of Generalization in Understanding.
Creating a Story-Telling Universe.
Researcher: An Experimental Intelligent Information System.
Locating Faults in Tree-Structured Networks.
An Inductive Approach to Learning Search Control Rules for Planning.
Using Focus Rules in Requirements Elicitation Dialogues.
A Greedy Approach to Establish Singleton Arc Consistency.
The Intelligent Hand: An Experimental Approach to Human Object Recognition and Implications for Robotic Design.
An Approximate 0-1 Edge-Labeling Algorithm for Constrained Bin-Packing Problem.
NORN Finance Forecaster - A Neural Oscillatory-based Recurrent Network for Finance Prediction.
Growth of Motor Coordination in Early Robot Learning.
Describing Additive Fluents in Action Language C+.
The Role of Chess in Artificial Intelligence Research.
The Preliminary Results of a Mandarin Dictation Machine Based Upon Chinese Natural Language Analysis.
A Universal Measure of Intelligence for Artificial Agents.
Belief Revision, Revised.
A Conceptual Theory of Question Answering.
Narrative Complexity Based on Summarization Algorithms.
Summarizing Narratives.
A Hybrid SSS*/Alpha-Beta Algorithm for Parallel Search of Game Trees.
Prioritising Behaviours in Qualitative Simulation.
Use of Abstraction and Complexity Levels in Intelligent Educational System Design.
Exploiting a Common Property Resource under a Fairness Constraint: a Case Study.
BEINGS: Knowledge as Interacting Experts.
Computers and Thought Lecture: The Ubiquity of Discovery.
Automated Theory Formation in Mathematics.
Knoesphere: Building Expert Systems With Encyclopedic Knowledge.
An Expert System for Indications and Warning Analysis.
On the Thresholds of Knowledge.
Less Than General Production System Architectures.
Consistent, Convergent, and Constant-Time SLAM.
Multiple Path Coordination for Mobile Robots: A Geometric Algorithm.
Decomposition Ordering as a Tool to Prove the Termination of Rewriting Systems.
Adaptive Goal Recognition.
A Sound and Fast Goal Recognizer.
A Deterministic Analyzer for the Interpretation of Natural Language Commands.
Weighted Interaction of Syntax and Semantics in Natural Language Analysis.
A Formal Account of Self-Knowledge and Action.
Focus of Control Through Goal Relationships.
A Retrospective View of the Hearsay-II Architecture.
A Hybrid Discriminative/Generative Approach for Modeling Human Activities.
Program Understanding with the Lambda Calculus.
On the Polynomial Transparency of Resolution.
On A Possible Mechanism Of Binocular Fusion.
Planning with Loops.
The Interaction with Incomplete Knowledge Bases: A Formal Treatment.
A Knowledge-Level Account of Abduction.
An Overview of a Procedural Approach to Semantic Networks.
A Problem Reduction Model for Non-Independent Subproblems.
The Vocal Speech Understanding System.
Tractable Reasoning with Incomplete First-Order Knowledge in Dynamic Systems with Context-Dependent Actions.
Active Learning with Ensembles for Image Classification.
Exploiting Irrelevance Reasoning to Guide Problem Solving.
Can Early Stage Vision Detect Topology.
Planning Considerations for a Roving Robot with Arm.
The Use of Knowledge Preconditions in Language Processing.
A Scanning Laser Rangefinder for a Robotic Vechicle.
Web Intelligence (WI): What Makes Wisdom Web?
Knowledge Based Approach for Mechanically Verifying Security Protocols.
A Portfolio Approach to Algorithm Selection.
Using Knowledge to Isolate Search in Route Finding.
GR2: A Hybrid Knowledge-based System Using General Rules.
Local-Effect Games.
Process Recovery.
Polynomial Temporal Band Sequences for Analog Diagnosis.
Consistency Techniques for Numeric CSPs.
Interpreting Pictures of Polyhedral Scenes.
Heuristics Based on Unit Propagation for Satisfiability Problems.
On Reading Sketch Maps.
Corpus-Based Chinese-Korean Abstracting Translation System.
Learning (Complex) Structural Descriptions from Examples.
Supervised Local Tangent Space Alignment for Classification.
On Seeing Things, Again.
Learning to Classify Texts Using Positive and Unlabeled Data.
Perceptual Texture Space Improves Perceptual Consistency of Computational Features.
A WordNet-based Algorithm for Word Sense Disambiguation.
A Control Structure for Time Dependent Reasoning.
Location-Based Activity Recognition using Relational Markov Networks.
Redesign Support Framework based on Hierarchical Multiple Models.
An Epistemic Logic for Arbitration (Extended Abstract).
A Fast and Simple Algorithm for Bounds Consistency of the AllDifferent Constraint.
A Modal Logic for Reasoning about Possibilistic Belief Fusion.
Generalizing GraphPlan by Formulating Planning as a CSP.
The Complexity of Belief Update.
Relating Belief Revision and Circumscription.
Structure Based Control Strategy.
Tinker: Example-Based Programming for Artificial Intelligence.
Solving Constraint Optimization Problems in Anytime Contexts.
Letizia: An Agent That Assists Web Browsing.
Maintaining Coherent Perceptual Information Using Anchoring.
Alternatives for Classifier System Credit Assignment.
A Hole in Goal Trees: Some Guidance from Resolution Theory.
Identifying Conflicts in Overconstrained Temporal Problems.
Detecting Ambiguity: An Example in Knowledge Evaluation.
Computing Circumscription.
Action Selection for Single- and Multi-Robot Tasks Using Cooperative Extended Kohonen Maps.
Formal Theories of Action (Preliminary Report).
Visual Recognition from Spatial Correspondence and Perceptual Organization.
Nonmonotonic Databases and Epistemic Queries.
Meaning and the Mental Lexicon.
Things That Change by Themselves.
The Interpretation of Three-Dimensional Structure from Image Curves.
A Note on Backward Dual Resolution and Its Application to Proving Completeness of Rule-Based Systems.
A Representation Framework for Continuous Dynamic Systems.
Spontaneous Retrieval in a Conceptual Information System.
Maintaining Arc Consistency using Adaptive Domain Ordering.
Structuring Domain Knowledge For Visual Perception.
An Effective Ship Berthing Algorithm.
Extending Reflective Architectures.
A New Hyperparamodulation Strategy for the Equality Relation.
The Abstraction/Implementation Model of Problem Reformulation.
Learning Consumer Photo Categories for Semantic Retrieval.
LAMA: A Language for Automatic Mechanical Assembly.
A New Node Centroid Algorithm for Bandwidth Minimization.
Evaluating Queries in Deductive Databases by Generating.
A New Method For The Three Dimensional Container Packing Problem.
Some Considerations Concerning The Problem Base Of Purposeful Systems.
Relational Object Maps for Mobile Robots.
Combining the Predictions of Multiple Classifiers: Using Competitive Learning to Initialize Neural Networks.
A Dependency-based Method for Evaluating Broad-Coverage Parsers.
Self-reconfiguring Robots: Successes and Challenges.
Embracing Causality in Specifying the Indirect Effects of Actions.
A Control Structure For A Question-Answering System.
Applications of the Situation Calculus To Formalizing Control and Strategy Information: The Prolog Cut Operator.
Neuronal Mechanisms Of Determination The Direction Upon The Sound Source.
Discovering Classes of Strongly Equivalent Logic Programs.
An Iterative Image Registration Technique with an Application to Stereo Vision.
A Message Passing Algorithm for Plan Recognition.
Optical Navigation by the Method of Differences.
How to Progress a Database II: The STRIPS Connection.
Representing Semantic Information In Pulley Problems.
Abduction in Logic Programming: A New Definition and an Abductive Procedure Based on Rewriting.
Problem Structure And Problem Solving Behavior.
Recycling Computed Answers in Rewrite Systems for Abduction.
General Approach to Nonmonotonic Logics.
On Tight Logic Programs and Yet Another Translation from Normal Logic Programs to Propositional Logic.
Two Results on Default Logic.
Identifying Synonyms among Distributionally Similar Words.
Reasoning about Action and Change Using Dijkstra's Semantics for Programming Languages: Preliminary Report.
Mobile Robot Learning of Delayed Response Tasks through Event Extraction: A Solution to the Road Sign Problem and Beyond.
Reasoning about Plans.
Contingency Planning for an Autonomous Land Vehicle.
Goal Conflict Concerns.
Inductive Learning from Good Examples.
Why Minimax Works: An Alternative Explanation.
Using a Domain Theory to Guide Automated Modeling of Complex Physical Phenomena.
Interval-based Temporal Reasoning with General TBoxes.
A Symbolic Model for Learning the Past-Tenses of English Verbs.
Chart Parsing of Flowgraphs.
AUC: a Statistically Consistent and more Discriminating Measure than Accuracy.
Reasoning with Concrete Domains.
Alignment Algorithms for Learning to Read Aloud.
Increasing Functional Constraints Need to Be Checked Only Once.
A Microfeature Based Approach Towards Metaphor Interpretation.
Structuring Computer Generated Proofs.
Belief, Awareness, and Two-Dimensional Logic.
Qualitative Reasoning of Bayesian Belief Using Meta-knowledge.
Proof Transformation with Built-in Equality Predicate.
Keys, Nominals, and Concrete Domains.
Graph Theoretical Characterization and Computation of Answer Sets.
PVV: A Goal-Oriented System for Industrial Vision.
Determining Object Attitude from Extended Gaussian Images.
Discovering Interesting Holes in Data.
DECIDER-l: A System that Chooses Among Different Types of Acts.
A Proof-Checker for Dynamic Logic.
A Tractability Result for Reasoning with Incomplete First-Order Knowledge Bases.
Syntactic Characterizations of Belief Change Operators.
Practical Partition-Based Theorem Proving for Large Knowledge Bases.
Intensity Discontinuity Location to SubPixel Precision.
Using Text Classifiers for Numerical Classification.
The Specialization and Transformation of Constructive Existence Proofs.
It's About Time.
A Logically Complete Reasoning Maintenance System Based on a Logical Constraint Solver.
The Dynamics of Action Selection.
Modeling Interactive Agents in ALIVE.
Verification-based Learning: A Generalized Strategy for Inferring Problem-Reduction Methods.
Knowing Intensional Individuals, and Reasoning About Knowing Intensional Individuals.
Knowledge Based English Language Systems For Management Support: An Analysis Of Requirements.
Recovering Three Dimensional Shape from a Single Image of Curved Objects.
Reasoning in Time and Space.
TULIPS - Teachable, Understanding Natural Language Input Problem-Solver.
Improving Search Using Indexing: A Study with Temporal CSPs.
Noise and Knowledge Acquisition.
Scenario-based Stochastic Constraint Programming.
Combining General Hand-Made and Automatically Constructed Thesauri for Query Expansion in Information Retrieval.
A New Approach to Multiobjective A* Search.
ODISET: On-line Distributed Session Tracing using Agents.
Formalizing Behavior-based Planning for Nonholonomic Robots.
A Comprehension Model for Human Dialogue.
The Automatic Synthesis of Systems of Recursive Programs.
The Origin of the Binary-Search Paradigm.
MUSE (Multidimensional User-Oriented Synthetic Environment): A New Approach to the Human-Computer Interface Using Precognitive Models of Perception.
Natural Language Dialogue about Moving Objects in an Automatically Analyzed Traffic Scene.
A Methodology for Proving Termination of General Logic Programs.
Knowledge Acquisition for Constructive Systems.
Profiling Communication in Distributed Genetic Algorithms.
Active Cost-Sensitive Learning.
Development of an Expert System for Diagnosing Problems on a Paper Machine.
Algorithms of the Complex Tactile Information Processing.
AND/OR Branch-and-Bound for Graphical Models.
Motor Knowledge Representation.
Computer Understanding of Mathematical Proofs.
The Reformulation Approach to Building Expert Systems.
Representation and Inference in the Consul System.
On the Interaction of Metonymies and Anaphora.
A Framework for Network Modeling in Prolog.
Utilization Filtering: A Method for Reducing the Inherent Harmfulness of Deductively Learned Knowledge.
Learning of Resource Allocation Strategies for Game Playing.
Shifting the Focus of Attention: The Way Agatha Christie Leads You On.
Knowledge Representation of Design in Many-Sorted Logic.
Knowledge Compilation Using Theory Prime Implicates.
Resource-bounded inference from inconsistent belief bases.
Relative Efficiency of Alpha-Beta Implementations.
Additive AND/OR Graphs.
Form Dynamic Programming To Search Algorithms With Functional Costs.
Theorem Proving with Structure Sharing and Efficient Unification.
Concurrent Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
Understanding New Metaphors.
Focusing Attention for Observational Learning: The Importance of Context.
Transportability and Generality in a Natural-Language Interface System.
Knowledge Base Management for Experiment Planning in Molecular Genetics.
On Multi-Level Machines for Continuous Speech Recognition.
The Concurrent, Continuous FLUX.
Reasoning in Multiple Belief Spaces.
Decision Procedures for Expressive Description Logics with Intersection, Composition, Converse of Roles and Role Identity.
Using Walk-SAT and Rel-Sat for Cryptographic Key Search.
Cognitive Modelling of Event Ordering Reasoning in Imagistic Domains.
Decision-Making in Time-Critical Situations.
AND/OR Cutset Conditioning.
Constructive Induction On Decision Trees.
DANTES: An Expert System for Real-Time Network Troubleshooting.
A Collaboration Mechanism on Positive Interactions in Multi-agent Environments.
A Parsing System Based on Logic Programming.
SIGMA: A Framework for Image Understanding - Integration of Bottom-Up and Top-Down Analysis.
Planning with Continuous Resources in Stochastic Domains.
SARDSRN: A Neural Network Shift-Reduce Parser.
Intelligent Multimodal Stream Processing.
Broadcast News Navigator (BNN) Demonstration.
Natural Language Interaction With Dynamic Knowledge Bases: Monitoring as Response.
Algebraic Approximations.
An Object-Oriented Language for Constructing Simulations.
A Causal Theory of Ramifications and Qualifications.
Topic and Role Discovery in Social Networks.
A Machine Learning Approach to Building Domain-Specific Search Engines.
Epistemological Problems of Artificial Intelligence.
Notes on Formalizing Context.
What has AI in Common with Philosophy?
Using Decision Trees for Coreference Resolution.
Permissions and Obligations.
Indefinite Reasoning with Definite Rules.
The Representation of an Evolving System of Legal Concepts: II. Prototypes and Deformations.
Combining Weak Learning Heuristics in General Problem Solvers.
History of Artificial Intelligence.
The Role of Perspective in Responding to Property Misconceptions.
ILP with Noise and Fixed Example Size: A Bayesian Approach.
Semantic Paramodula tion for Horn Sets.
Vocabularies for Problem Solver State Descriptions.
Extracting Knowledge From Expert Systems.
Generalizing Problem Reduction: A Logical Analysis.
Extending a Knowledge-Based System to Deal with Ad Hoc Constraints.
An Expected-Cost Analysis of Backtracking and Non-Backtracking Algorithms.
Preliminary Report On A Program For Generating Natural Langugage.
Language Generation: The Linguistics Component.
Compound: A Program that Understands Noun Compounds.
MUMBLE: A Flexible System for Language Production.
Description-directed Natural Language Generation.
Commonsense Reasoning with Verbs.
Training without data: Knowledge Insertion into RBF Neural Networks.
Knowledge Extraction from Local Function Networks.
Explaining Subsumption in Description Logics.
Description Logic in Practice: A CLASSIC Application.
Opportunistic Processing in Arguments.
Theorem Proving with Structured Theories.
Using Active Connection Graphs for Reasoning with Recursive Rules.
Focus Constraints on Language Generation.
Generating Multimedia Briefings: Language Generation in a Coordinated Multimedia Environment.
Tailoring Explanations for the User.
Transfer Semantics in an Operating System Consultant: The Formalization of Actions Involving Object Transfer.
Constraints on Tree Structure in Concept Formation.
Dynamic Conflict Resolution in a Connectionist Rule-Based System.
2D Shape Classification and Retrieval.
Minimizing Dialog Length in Interactive Case-Based Reasoning.
Increasing Dialogue Efficiency in Case-Based Reasoning Without Loss of Solution Quality.
Coverage-Optimized Retrieval.
Demand-Driven Discovery of Adaptation Knowledge.
Automating the Discovery of Recommendation Knowledge.
The Use of a Semantic Network in a Deductive Question- Answering System.
Development of Iterative Real-time Scheduler to Planner Feedback.
A Hierarchy of Boundary-based Shape Descriptors.
TALE-SPIN, An Interactive Program that Writes Stories.
Modelling and Manipulating Production Data Bases in Terms of Semantic Nets.
Principled Constructive Induction.
Reducing Checks and Revisions in Coarse-grained MAC Algorithms.
A Model of Analogy-Driven Proof-Plan Construction.
The 2 PAK Language: Goals And Descriptions.
Integrating Prolog Into the Poplog Environment.
Using Classification as a Programming Language.
Representations of Assembly Sequences.
Source Code Informal Information Analysis Using Connectionist Models.
Constructing Diverse Classifier Ensembles using Artificial Training Examples.
Decision Trees in Numerical Attribute Spaces.
For an Incremental Computation of Intrasentential Coreference.
Computer Simulation of Articulatory Activity in Speech Production.
Some Remarks on Heuristic Search Algorithms.
A Simplified And Fast Version Of The Huockel Operator For Finding Optimal Edges in Pictures.
An Automatic Position Recognition Technique for LSI Assembly.
Expert System Validation through Knowledge Base Refinement.
Interleaved Depth-First Search.
Constraint Satisfaction as Global Optimization.
Solving Strategies for Highly Symmetric CSPs.
POST: Using Probabilities in Language Processing.
Learning Strategies in Games by Anticipation.
VOX - An Extensible Natural Language Processor.
Discovering Classification Rules Using variable-Valued Logic System VL_1.
A System of Programs for Computer-Aided Induction: A Summary.
Integrating Multiple Knowledge Representations and Learning Capabilities in an Expert System: The ADVISE System.
An Application of AI Techniques to Structuring Objects into an Optimal Conceptual Hierarchy.
Semantic annotation of unstructured and ungrammatical text.
Structuring Mathematical Knowledge.
When Evolving Populations is Better than Coevolving Individuals: The Blind Mice Problem.
Constrained and Rational Default Logics.
BLOG: Probabilistic Models with Unknown Objects.
Non-Invasive Brain-Actuated Control of a Mobile Robot.
On Defining the Intelligence of Behaviour and Machines.
An Adaptive Natural Language System That Listens, Asks, And Learns.
Autonomous Guidance and Control of a Roving Robot.
Medical Plan-Analysis: The Attending System.
Robot Navigation.
Deadlines, Travel Time, and Robot Problem Solving.
Structured Planning and Debugging.
Proving Facts about "|".
An Algebraic Definition of Simulation Between Programs.
Improving Performance of Transfer-Driven Machine Translation with Extra-Linguistic Informatioon from Context, Situation and Environment.
Fault Diagnosis Through Responsibility.
Coordinated Morphological and Syntactic Analysis of Japanese Language.
Approximation of Indistinct Concepts.
The Q* Algorithm - A Search Strategy for a Deduclive Question-Answering System.
Plain Talk about Neurodevelopmental Epistemology.
Selectively Generalizing Plans for Problem-Solving.
An Analytic Learning System for Specializing Heuristics.
Commitment Strategies in Planning: A Comparative Analysis.
Strategies for Learning Search Control Rules: An Explanation-based Approach.
Controlling Search in Flexible Parsing.
Version Spaces: A Candidate Elimination Approach to Rule Learning.
Learning and Problem Solving.
LEAP: A Learning Apprentice for VLSl Design.
Representations for Reasoning about Digital Circuits.
Learning Problem-Solving Heuristics Through Practice.
Towards a Generic Model of Configuraton Tasks.
Automatic Documentation Generation: The Rnteraction of Text and Examples.
Generating Explanatory Captions for Information Graphics.
An Uncertainty Model of Stereo Vision and its Application to Vision-Motion Planning of Robot.
Vision-Motion Planning of a Mobile Robot considering Vision Uncertainty and Planning Cost.
Improving System Performance in Case-Based Iterative Optimization through Knowledge Filtering.
Expert System as an Intelligent Assistant for Computer Users.
Building Natural Language Interfaces for Rule-based Expert Systems.
Applying Local Search to Disjunctive Temporal Problems.
Artificial Neural Network for Sequence Learning.
Fitting Semantics for Conditional Term Rewriting.
Circumscription and Definability.
A Logic Prover for Text Processing.
Temporal Context Representation and Reasoning.
Problem-solving Strategies in a Music Transcription System.
Human Vision Paradox Implicates Relaxation Model.
Training Feedforward Neural Networks Using Genetic Algorithms.
A Set-Theoretic Approach to Automated Deduction in Graded Modal Logics.
MAGMA-LISP: A "Machine Language" For Artificial Intelligence.
FastSLAM 2.0: An Improved Particle Filtering Algorithm for Simultaneous Localization and Mapping that Provably Converges.
Efficiency Considerations on Built-in Taxonomic Reasoning in PROLOG.
The Effect of Rule Use on the Utility of Explanation-Based Learning.
Learning Schemata for Natural Language Processing.
An Experimental Comparison of Symbolic and Connectionist Learning Algorithms.
D-SCRlPT: A Computational Theory of Descriptions.
Reasoning About Knowledge and Action.
Semantical Considerations on Nonmonotonic Logic.
Multi-Value-Functions: Efficient Automatic Action Hierarchies for Multiple Goal MDPs.
A Reactive Approach to Explanation.
The Symbolic Nature of Visual Imagery.
Towards Automatic Visual Obstacle Avoidance.
Rover Visual Obstacle Avoidance.
Unsupervised Dimensionality Estimation and Manifold Learning in high-dimensional Spaces by Tensor Voting.
Automated Hypothesis Generation Using Extended Inductive Resolution.
Knowledge Preconditions for Actions and Plans.
Inheritance Comes of Age: Applying Nonmonotonic Techniques to Problems in Industry.
An Expert System Using Nonmonotonic Techniques for Beneefits Inquiry in the Insurance Industry.
On the Generalization Capability of Multi-Layered Networks in the Extraction of Speech Properties.
Use of Procedural Knowledge for Automatic Speech Recognition.
On the Use of a Taxonomy of Time-Frequency Morphologies for Automatic Speech Recognition.
Perturbation Analysis with Qualitative Models.
A Dynamic Pattern Recognition Method Using the Preview Controlled Saccadic Movement of the Detector.
Demand and Requirements for Natural Language Systems-Results of an Inquiry.
Computer Perception of Complex Patterns.
Isolating And Identifying Objects In Line Drawings.
Allowed Arguments.
E-Resolution: Extension of Resolution to Include the Equality Relation.
Automatic Generation of Heuristics for Scheduling.
Managing Temporal Uncertainty Through Waypoint Controllability.
Dynamic Control Of Plans With Temporal Uncertainty.
Path Consistency in a Network of Non-Convex Intervals.
Off-line Reasoning for On-line Efficiency.
Formal Specifications for Hybrid Dynamical Systems.
Program Transtormations for VLSI.
Failsafe - A Floor Planner that Uses EBG to Learn from Its Failures.
Automating Program Speedup by Deciding What to Cache.
Discovering Admissible Heuristics by Abstracting and Optimizing: A Transformational Approach.
Explicit Integration of Goals in Heuristic Algorithm Design.
Machine Learning Techniques to Make Computers Easier to Use.
The Complexity of Searching Several Classes of AND/OR Graphs.
Knowledge-Based Anytime Computation.
Handling Duration Uncertainty in Meta-Level Control of Progressive Processing.
A System for Improving the Recognition of Fluently Spoken German Speech.
Q-TRANS: Query Translation Into English.
Daydreaming in Humans and Computers.
Duce, An Oracle-based Approach to Constructive Induction.
Inductive Logic Programming: Inverse Resolution and Beyond.
A Unification Algorithm for Infinite Trees.
A Qualitative Discretization for Two-Body Contacts.
Using Discrimination Graphs to Represent Visual Interpretations that are Hypothetical and Ambiguous.
An Algorithm which Automatically Constructs Discrimination Graphs in a Visual Knowledge Base.
Fuzzy Conceptual Graphs for Matching Images of Natural Scenes.
Decomposition Search: A Combinatorial Games Approach to Game Tree Search, with Applications to Solving Go Endgames.
A Convergent Reinforcement Learning Algorithm in the Continuous Case Based on a Finite Difference Method.
Variable Resolution Discretization for High-Accuracy Solutions of Optimal Control Problems.
SiN: Integrating Case-based Reasoning with Task Decomposition.
Robot Planning, Execution, and Monitoring in an Uncertain Environment.
Evolvable Hardware for Generalized Neural Networks.
A Recognition System Using Probabilistic Decisions Based on Extracted Features.
Incremental Learning in a Fuzzy Intelligent System.
Reactive Combination of Belief Over Time Using Direct Perception.
Heuristic and Formal Methods in Automatic Program Debugging.
Multiple Convergence: An Approach to Disjunctive Concept Acquisition.
An Endorsement-based Approach to Student Modeling for Planner-controlled Tutors.
Path Resolution with Link Deletion.
Lookahead and Pathology in Decision Tree Induction.
A Probabilistic Framework for Resource-Constrained Multi-Agent Planning.
Active Learning with Strong and Weak Views: A Case Study on Wrapper Induction.
Combination of Local Search Strategies for Rotating Workforce Scheduling Problem.
Qualitative and Quantitative Representations of Locomotion and their Application in Robot Navigation.
TORUS - A Natural Language Understanding System For Data Management.
l.Pak: A SNOBOL-Dased Programming Language for Artificial Intelligence Applications.
Semantic Networks and the Generation of Context.
Mutual Beliefs in Conversational Systems: Their Role in Referring Expressions.
Semantic Interpretation Based on the Multi-World Model.
Abduction and Dynamic Preference in Plan-Based Dialogue Understanding.
Understanding Spoken Natural Language with Omni-Directional Information Flow.
Ubiquitous Talker: Spoken Language Interaction with Real World Objects.
Mechanism of Deduction in a Question-Answering System with Natural Language Inputd.
Robot Planning System Based on Problem Solvers.
Analysing Sequences of TV-Frames.
Constraints for the Estimation of Displacement Vector Fields From Image Sequences.
On 3D Reconstruction from Two Perspective Views.
Mining Soft-Matching Rules from Textual Data.
Taming Decentralized POMDPs: Towards Efficient Policy Computation for Multiagent Settings.
Networked Distributed POMDPs: A Synergy of Distributed Constraint Optimization and POMDPs.
Prolog Control Rules.
Real-Time Auditory and Visual Multiple-Object Tracking for Humanoids.
A Recognition Method of Connected Spoken Words With Syntactical Constraints by Augmented Continuous DP Algorithm.
Generalization Error of Linear Neural Networks in an Empirical Bayes Approach.
Motion Sketch: Acquisition of Visual Motion Guided Behaviors.
Information Processing Using a Model of Associative Memory.
Term Description: A Simple Powerful Extension to Prolog Data Structures.
Communication and Inference through Situations.
Residue-Driven Architecture for Computational Auditory Scene Analysis.
Towards Multi-paper Summarization Using Reference Information.
Image Compression and Filtering Using Pyramid Data Structures.
Synthesizing Least Fixed Point Queries Into Non-Recursive Iterative Programs.
Large-Scale System Development in Several Lisp Environments.
Model-based Diagnosis of Hybrid Systems.
Reasoning About Actions in Narrative Understanding.
Reasoning Visually about Spatial Interactions.
Walking Robot: A Non-Deterministic Model Of Control.
Anaphora and Logical Form: On Formal Meaning Representations for Natural Language.
Discourse as a Knowledge Resource for Sentence Disambiguation.
Optimizing Backtrack Search for all Solutions to Conjunctive Problems.
SHOP: Simple Hierarchical Ordered Planner.
AI Planning Versus Manufacturing-Operation Planning: A Case Study.
Total-Order Planning with Partially Ordered Subtasks.
Qualitative Temporal Reasoning with Points and Durations.
A Semantic Theory of Abstractions.
Plan Modification versus Plan Generation: A Complexity-Theoretic Perspective.
HPM: A Computational Formalism for Heuristic Procedure Modification.
Explainable (and Maintainable) Expert Systems.
An Analysis of Approximate Knowledge Compilation.
Determining 3-D Motion of Planar Objects from Image Brightness Patterns.
A Formal Framework for Representing Diagnosis Strategies in Model-Based Diagnosis Systems.
Multi-Dimensional Heuristic Searching.
Computer Aided Tracing of Children?s Physics Learning: a Teacher Oriented View.
Event Models for Recognition and Natural Language Description of Events in Real-World Image Sequences.
Structured Descriptions of Complex Objects.
Learning Procedures from Examples and by Doing.
An Architecture for Knowledge Based Deduction.
Continuous Time Particle Filtering.
A Machine Learning Approach to Identification and Resolution of One-Anaphora.
Link Analysis, Eigenvectors and Stability.
A New Algorithm for Incremental Prime Implicate Generation.
Exploiting 2D Topology in Labeling Polyhedral Images.
Efficient SQL-Querying Method for Data Mining in Large Data Bases.
A heuristic model for concurrent bi-lateral negotiations in incomplete information settings.
Reviving Partial Order Planning.
Checking an Expert Systems Knowledge Base for Consistency and Completeness.
Judgmental Reasoning for Expert Systems.
Robust Ontology Acquisition from Machine-Readable Dictionaries.
Empirical Bias for Version Space.
Possibilistic Stable Models.
Constructive Tightly Grounded Autoepistemic Reasoning.
Towards Efficient Default Reasoning.
Parallelizing State Space Plans Online.
Faster Association Rules for Multiple Relations.
A Mobile Automaton: An Application of Artificial Intelligence Techniques.
A Logical Model of Knowledge.
Artificial Intelligence: Its Impact on Human Occupations and Distribution of Income.
Sequentially finding the N-Best List in Hidden Markov Models.
Controlling a Language Generation Planner.
A Geometric Approach to Total Envisioning.
Towards Knowledge Acquisition From Natural Language Documents - Automatic Model Construction From Hardware Manual.
A Parallel Matching Algorithm for Stereo Vision.
Gentzen-Type Formel System Representing Properties of Function and its Implementation.
Generating Integrated Interpretation of Partial Information Based on Distributed Qualitative Reasoning.
Emergence of Cooperation in a Pursuit-Evasion Game.
Fitting Models to Distributed Representations of Vision.
Imitation Learning of Team-play in Multiagent System based on Hidden Markov Modeling.
Characteristics and Organizing Capability of Statistical Organizer.
Identifying the Scope of Modeling for Time-Critical Multiagent Decision- Making.
Towards Flexible Multi-Agent Decision-Making Under Time Pressure.
Abductive Matchmaking using Description Logics.
Temporal Matching: Recognizing Dynamic Situations from Discrete Measurements.
An Analysis on Crossovers for Real Number Chromosomes in an Infinite Population Size.
First-Order Modal Logic Theorem Proving and Functional Simulation.
Propositional Abduction is Almost Always Hard.
Towards an Integrated Discovery System.
A Psychologist Views Human Processing: Human Errors and Other Phenomena Suggest Processing Mechanisms.
Virtual World as Interface for Human-Robot Interaction.
Generating Better Decision Trees.
Frame Activated Inferences in a Story Understanding Program.
Representations of Knowledge in a Program for Solving Physics Problems.
Physics Problem Solving: ISAAC-II.
Acquisition of Human Feelings in Music Arrangements.
Does a New Simple Gaussian Weighting Approach Perform Well in Text Categorization?
Uncertainty and Probability.
Trust No One: Evaluating Trust-based Filtering for Recommenders.
Finding Picture Edges through Collinearity of Feature Points.
AI Models as a Variety of Psychological Explanation.
Inducing criteria for lexicalization parts of speech using the Cyc KB.
The FOPHO Speech Recognition Project.
Concept Formation From Very Large Training Sets.
Polyhedra of Minimal Area as 3D Object Models.
Dynamically Quantized Spaces for Focusing the Hough Transform.
Capturing and Reusing Case-Based Context for Image Retrieval.
Corrective Explanation for Interactive Constraint Satisfaction.
Explicit vs Implicit Profiling - A Case-Study in Electronic Programme Guides.
Inductive Learning of Pronunciation Rules by hypothesis Testing and Correction.
Efficient Mining of Statistical Dependencies.
The Generation of Continuous Semantic Constraints from Semantic Propositions.
Planning Using Multiple Execution Architectures.
A Structure for the Representation of Knowledge: A Proposal for a Micro-Actor.
A Multi-Dimensional Terminological Knowledge Representation Language.
Parameter Structures for Parametrized Modal Operators.
A Constrained Mechanism for Procedural Learning.
An Index Navigator for Understanding and Expressing User's Coherent Interest.
Predicate Logic Involving Data Structure as a Knowledge Representation Language.
Stereo by Two-Level Dynamic Programming.
Obtaining Surface Orientation from Texels under Perspective Projection.
An Average-Case Analysis of the k-Nearest Neighbar Classifier for Noisy Domains.
Control Algorithm of the Walker Climbing Over Obstacles.
Perceptive Robot Moving in 3D World.
Understanding Three Simultaneous Speeches.
EXAMINER: A System Using Contextual Knowledge for Analysis of Diagnostic Behavior.
Heuristically Expanding Knowledge-Based Neural Networks.
Flexibly Exploiting Prior Knowledge in Empirical Learning.
Surprisingness and Expectation Failure: What's the Difference?
A Scheme for Agent Collaboration in Open Multiagent Environments.
Formal Theories of Language Acquisition: Practical and Theoretical Perspectives.
Object Recognition Using Three-Dimensional Information.
Efficient Distributed "Hormone" Graph Gradients.
Toward Flexible Intelligence: MITI's New Program of Real World Computing.
Tactile Sensation for Robots.
Keyword Spices: A New Method for Building Domain-Specific Web Search Engines.
Partitioning Activities for Agents.
Method For The Best Solutions Search in Multiobjective Decision Problems.
Demonizing Production Systems.
Negative Reasoning Using Inheritance.
PAC - Personality and Cognition: An Interactive System for Modelling Agent Scenarios.
A Terminological Logic with Defaults: A Definition and an Application.
Learning DNF by Decision Trees.
Skewing: An Efficient Alternative to Lookahead for Decision Tree Induction.
Causality and Minimal Change Demystified.
Inverse Resolution as Belief Change.
Learning Rules for Large Vocabulary Word Sense Disambiguation.
Design Optimization Using Dynamic Evaluation.
Accurate and Low-cost Location Estimation Using Kernels.
Improving Coevolutionary Search for Optimal Multiagent Behaviors.
A Distributed Case-Based Query Rewriting.
PARTS INFERENCE: Closed and Semi-Closed Partitioning Graphs.
Convergence of Reinforcement Learning with General Function Approximators.
Genetic State-Space Search for Constrained Optimization Problems.
Coevolution, Memory and Balance.
Combining Discourse Strategies to Generate Descriptions to Users Along a Naive/Expert Spectrum.
A Support Tool for Writing Multilingual Instructions.
Causes and Explanations Revisited.
Game-Tree Search with Combinatorially Large Belief States.
Achieving Budget-Balance with Vickrey-Based Payment Schemes in Exchanges.
Approximating Optimal Policies for Partially Observable Stochastic Domains.
Input-Expectation Discrepancy Reduction: A Ubiquitous Mechanism.
Thin Junction Tree Filters for Simultaneous Localization and Mapping.
Kernels on Prolog Ground Terms.
Integrating Gricean and Attentional Constraints.
Approximate inference for first-order probabilistic languages.
Tracking Many Objects with Many Sensors.
Building the Semantic Web Tower from RDF Straw.
A Decidable First-Order Logic for Knowledge Representation.
On the Road to Automatic Knowledge Engineering.
Causal Understanding of Patient Illness in Medical Diagnosis.
Conic Sections in Chromosome Analysis.
A Generalization of the k-Nearest Neighbor Rule.
Decision-Theoretic Salience Interactions in Language Generation.
Sophia: A novel approach for Textual Case-based Reasoning.
Trajectory Control of a Computer Arm.
Distributed Patient Scheduling in Hospitals.
GRAEL: an agent-based evolutionary computing approach for natural language grammar development.
A Parser for a Speech Understanding System.
Detecting and Correcting Errors of Omission After Explanation-Based Learning.
A Comparison of Concept Identification in Human Learning and Network Learning with the Generalized Delta Rule.
Using Prior Learning to Facilitate the Learning of New Causal Theories.
On The Storage Economy Of Error-Tolerating Question-Answering Systems.
Heuristic Search Theory: Survey of Recent Results.
Learning Hidden Causes from Empirical Data.
Reasoning with Cause and Effect.
Some Experiments in Applying Inductive Inference Principles to Surface Reconstruction.
Generalizing Nonlinear Planning to Handle Complex Goals and Actions with Context-Dependent Effects.
Real-Time Natural Scene Analysis for a Blind Prosthesis.
Rule-Structured Facial Animation System.
Robust Periodic Planning and Execution for Autonomous Spacecraft.
The Philosophy of Automated Theorem Proving.
Multi-Agent Assumption-Based Planning.
k-Best: A New Method for Real-Time Decision Making.
Situated Actions and Cognition.
Fractal-Based Description.
A New Sense for Depth of Field.
Perception of Non-Rigid Motion: Inference of Shape, Material and Force.
Preferential Semantics for Causal Systems.
Repair Strategies in a Diagnostic Expert System.
EG - A Case Study in Problem Solving with King and Pawn Endings.
Derivation Procedures for Extended Stable Models.
Model-Based Vision System for Scenes Containing Multiple Parts.
KEYSIGHT: Computer Vision Inspection of Valve Spring Assemblies on Engine Heads.
Heuristic Search in Infinite State Spaces Guided by Lyapunov Analysis.
Category Translation: Learning to Understand Information on the Internet.
Adaptive Web Sites: an AI Challenge.
Adaptive Web Sites: Conceptual Cluster Mining.
Call-Graph Caching: Transforming Programs into Networks.
How Can a Program Mean?
Phase Transitions within Grammatical Inference.
Algebraic Markov Decision Processes.
Overview of 'Planning Speech Acts'
Self-Knowledge and Self-Representation.
Counting Solutions of CSPs: A Structural Approach.
Bayesian Information Extraction Network.
Applying interchangeability techniques to the distributed breakout algorithm.
A Scalable Method for Multiagent Constraint Optimization.
Planning Robot Control Parameter Values with Qualitative Reasoning.
A Representation for Natural Category Systems.
Processing Symbols at Variable Speed in DUAL: Connectionist Activation as Power Supply.
Web Grammars.
IBAL: A Probabilistic Rational Programming Language.
The Description And Control Of Changing Pictures..
A Prototypical Approach to Machine Learning.
Program Inference from Traces using Multiple Knowledge Sources.
An Object-Oriented Parser for Text Understanding.
Planner-BESM-6 Systems Implementation Methods.
Point-based value iteration: An anytime algorithm for POMDPs.
An Accommodating Edge Follower.
Propositional Non-Monotonic Reasoning and Inconsistency in Symrnetric Neural Networks.
A Multi-Attribute Approach to Knowledge Representation for Loan Granting.
Automated Composition of Web Services by Planning at the Knowledge Level.
Planning as Model Checking for Extended Goals in Non-deterministic Domains.
Artificial Intelligence in Western Europe.
Constitutive Rules for Agent Communication Languages.
A Protocol-Based Semantics for an Agent Communication Language.
Best-First Fixed-Depth Game-Tree Search in Practice.
Equational Reasoning using AC Constraints.
Holographic Reduced Representations: Convolution Algebra for Compositional Distributed Representations.
Semiotic Models in Artificial Intelligence Problems.
Modified Caseframe Parsing for Speech Understanding Systems.
The Avoidance of (Relative) Catastrophe, Heuristic Competence, Genuine Dynamic Weighting and Computational Issues in Heuristic Problem Solving.
Deriving a multi-domain information extraction system from a rough ontology.
First-order probabilistic inference.
On the Comparison of Theories: Preferring the Most Specific Explanation.
Variables in Hypotheses.
Normality and Faults in Logic-Based Diagnosis.
Representing Diagnostic Knowledge for Probabilistic Horn Abduction.
Average-Case Analysis of a Search Algorithm for Estimating Prior and Posterior Probabilities in Bayesian Networks with Extreme Probabilities.
Logic Programming for Robot Control.
Probabilistic Partial Evaluation: Exploiting Rule Structure in Probabilistic Inference.
On the Mechanization of Abductive Logic.
The Formation of Composite Hypotheses in Diagnostic Problem Solving: An Exercise in Synthetic Reasoning.
DIALOG: A Model Of Diagnostic Logic For Internal Medicine.
Unrestrictd Gapping Grammars.
Forming Models Of Plane-And-Cylinder Faceled Bodies From Light Stripes.
TINA: The Sheffeild AIVRU Vision System.
A Comparison of Analytic and Experimental Goal Regression for Machine Learning.
Diagnosis as a Variable Assignment Problem: A Case Study in a Space Robot Fault Diagnosis.
A Lifelike Model for Associative Relevance.
Generating Models of Solid Objects by Matching 3D Surface Segments.
Scene Segmentation By Velocity Measurements Obtained With A Cross-Shaped Template.
Heterogeneity in the Coevolved Behaviors of Mobile Robots: The Emergence of Specialists.
Learning against opponents with bounded memory.
Single-Agent Parallel Window Search: A Summary of Results.
A Synthetic View of Approximate Reasoning Techniques.
Segmentation Processes in the VISIONS System.
A Methodology for Systematic Verification of OPS5-Based AI Applications.
The Use of Meta-level Information in Learning Situation-Specific Coordination.
LINGOL-A Progress Report.
ROCCER: An Algorithm for Rule Learning Based on ROC Analysis.
Kernel Equivalence of Programs and Proving Kernel Equivalence and Correctness by Test Cases.
A Linguistics Oriented Programming Language.
A Simple Method for Recovering a Relative Depth Map in the Case of a Translating Sensor.
Computing Convergence Angle From Random Dot Stereograms.
A Bayesian Approach to Imitation in Reinforcement Learning.
Change Detection and Analysis in Multispectral Images.
Machine Discovery of Effective Admissible Heuristics.
IRV: Learning to Integrate Visual Information Across Camera Movements.
A Reactive Scheduling Agent.
Domain Filtering can Degrade Intelligent Backtracking Search.
A Novel Framework for Integrating Discrete Event System Control and Diagnosis.
An Analysis of ATMS-Based Techniques for Computing Dempster-Shafer Belief Functions.
Breaking symmetries in all different problems.
A New Framework for Reasoning about Points, Intervals and Durations.
The Role of Clustering on the Emergence of Efficient Social Conventions.
The Necessity of Syntactic Parsing for Semantic Role Labeling.
Learning and Inference over Constrained Output.
PsychSim: Modeling Theory of Mind with Decision-Theoretic Agents.
Measuring conflict and agreement between two prioritized belief bases.
Circumscribing Defaults.
A General Updating Rule for Discrete Hopfield-Type Neural Network with Delay.
Stepwise Nearest Neighbor Discriminant Analysis.
Interpretation as Exception Minimization.
The Correction Machine: Formulating Explanations for User Misconceptions.
Predicting The Length Of Solutions To Problems.
A Task-Independent Experience-Gathering Scheme for a Problem Solver.
Consistency and Plausible Reasoning.
Generating Production Rules from Decision Trees.
Determinate Literals in Inductive Logic Programming.
Oversearching and Layered Search in Empirical Learning.
Algorithms for Learning Logical Formulas.
A Database For A.I..
Characterizing Search Spaces.
Pattern Recognition by Quasi-Linguistic Translation Into Artificial Noise-Resistant Language.
Inferential Region Extraction in TV-Sequences.
Towards Friendly Concept-Learners.
A Theory of Clausal Discovery.
The Levelwise Version Space Algorithm and its Application to Molecular Fragment Finding.
Multiple Predicate Learning.
Using Predictive Representations to Improve Generalization in Reinforcement Learning.
Item Selection Strategies for Collaborative Filtering.
The Utility of Feature Construcuon for Back-Propagation.
Complex Concept Acquisition through Directed Search and Feature Caching.
InterActive Feature Selection.
Dependency Calculus Reasoning in a General Point Relation Algebra.
On the Role of Hierarchy for Neural Network Interpretation.
A Model for Motor Control and Learning.
Critical Reasoning.
The Classification, Detection and Handling of Imperfect Theory Problems.
Towards a Model of Conceptual Knowledge Acquisition Through Directed Experimentation.
Compact Propositional Encodings of First-Order Theories.
Gaussian Process Models of Spatial Aggregation Algorithms.
A Language Based Problem-Solver.
Combining Two Local Search Approaches to Hypergraph Partitioning.
A Learning Scheme for Generating Expressive Music Performances of Jazz Standards.
Ignorant Influence Diagrams.
From Images to Bodies: Modelling and Exploiting Spatial Occlusion and Motion Parallax.
Natural Basis Functions and Topographic Memory for Face Recognition.
Minimal Change and Maximal Coherence: A Basis for Belief Revision and Reasoning about Actions.
Asymmetry Thesis and Side-Effect Problems in Linear-Time and Branching-Time Intention Logics.
A Model-Theoretic Approach to the Verification of Situated Reasoning Systems.
Presupposition-Based AI Natural Language System.
An Evaluation of Criteria for Measuring the Quality of Clusters.
A Collective Of Algorithms.
A Parallel Logic Programming Language for PEPSys.
Circumscribing Equality.
Line Labeling and Junction Labeling: A Coupled System for Image Interpretation.
SMDP Homomorphisms: An Algebraic Approach to Abstraction in Semi-Markov Decision Processes.
Virtual Lateral Inhibition in Parallel Activation Models of Associative Memory.
Representing Sentence Structure in Hidden Markov Models for Information Extraction.
The Symmetric Alldiff Constraint.
CSP Search with Responsibility Sets and Kernels.
Modeling Informal Debates.
Extracting Useful Advice From Conflicting Expertise.
An Associative Memory for Auditory Recall.
The Hearsay Speech Understanding System: An Example of the Recognition Process.
A Formal Approach to the Semantics of a Frame Data Model.
Theory of Linear Equations Applied to Program Transformation.
Complete Solution of the Eight-Puzzle and the Benefit of Node Ordering in IDA.
A Qualitative Approach to Sensor Data Fusion for Mobile Robot Navigation.
A Quantitative Analysis of Minimal Window Search.
The Role of Saliency in Generating Natural Language Arguments.
Information Acquisition in Minimal Window Search.
A Spatiotemporal/Spatiotemporal-Frequency Interpretation of Apparent Motion Reversal.
AI and Pattern Recognition.
Content Ordering in the Generation of Persuasive Discourse.
On the Relation Between Truth Maintenance and Autoepistemic Logic.
The Commercialization of AI: Part 2. The Vendor Viewpoint (Panel).
Application Design: Issues in Expert System Architecture.
Character Tracking and the Understanding of Narratives.
Dynamic Student Modelling in an Intelligent Tutor for LISP Programming.
A Semantically Guided Deductive System for Automatic Theorem-Proving.
On Interacting Defaults.
A Panel on AI and Databases.
Optimizing the Costs and Benefits of Natural Language Generation.
Multi-Robot Exploration of an Unknown Environment, Efficiently Reducing the Odometry Error.
A Logical Account of Causal and Topological Maps.
A Learning System Which Accommodates Feature Interactions.
Substantial Constructive Induction Using Layered Information Compression: Tractable Feature Formation in Search.
A Study of Empirical Learning for an Involved Problem.
Improving the Design of Induction Methods by Analyzing Algorithm Functionality and Data-Based Concept Complexity.
Layered Concept-Learning and Dynamically Variable Bias Management.
Context-specific Sign-propagation in Qualitative Probabilistic Networks.
A Spatial Odyssey of the Interval Algebra: 1. Directed Intervals.
Maximal Tractable Fragments of the Region Connection Calculus: A Complete Analysis.
On the Complexity of Qualitative Spatial Reasoning: A Maximal Tractable Fragment of the Region Connection Calculus.
Using Information Content to Evaluate Semantic Similarity in a Taxonomy.
Constructing utility models from observed negotiation actions.
Grammatical Functions, Discourse, Referents, and Quantification.
A PROLOG Implementation of Lexical Functional Grammar.
Splitting Without Backtracking.
A Model of Strategy for the Game of Go Using Abstraction Mechanisms.
The ELINT Application on Poligon: The Architecture and Performance of a Concurrent Blackboard System.
A Formal Representation for Plans in the Programmers Apprentice.
The Layered Architecture of a System for Reasoning about Programs.
Case-based Modeling with Qualitative Indices.
Open-World Planning for Story Generation.
A Neural Reinforcement Learning Approach to Learn Local Dispatching Policies in Production Scheduling.
Conceptual Overlays: A Mechanism for the Interpretation of Sentence Meaning in Context.
he Declarative Representation and Procedural Simulation of Causality in Physical Mechanisms.
Subgoal Protection and Unraveling During Plan Synthesis.
Sensor Motion and Relative Depth From Difference Fields of Optic Flows.
ZMOB: A New Conputing Engine for AI.
Large Human-Machine Information Spaces.
Delayed Interpretation Using Processing Notes.
Failure-Driven Reminding for Incremental Learning.
Diagnosis of Communicating Systems: Dealing with Incompleteness and Uncertainty.
Large Systems and their Regular Expressions: An Approach to Pattern Recognition.
Monitoring Piecewise Continuous Behaviors by Refining Semi-Quantative Trackers.
Complexity of Probabilistic Planning under Average Rewards.
Conditional Planning in the Discrete Belief Space.
On Specificity in Default Logic.
Improvements to the Evaluation of Quantified Boolean Formulae.
Examples in Legal Reasoning: Legal Hypotheticals.
AI and Legal Reasoning.
Using CBR to Drive IR.
Constrained Example Generation: A Testbed for Studying Issues in Learning.
Combining Case-Based and Rule-Based Reasoning: A Heuristic Approach.
Case Retrieval through Multiple Indexing and Heuristic Search.
An Algebraic Approach to Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
On Supporting Associative Access and Processing over Dynamic Knowledge Bases.
Knowledge Processing under Information Fidelity.
PEBM: A Probabilistic Exemplar Based Model.
Methods For Analyzing Three Dimensional Scenes.
Minimal and Absent Information in Contexts.
How to Represent Evidence - Aspects of Uncertain Reasoning.
Lean Semantic Interpretation.
A Potts Spin MFT Network Solving Multiple Causal Interactions.
An Hybrid Approach to Solve the Global Localization Problem For Indoor Mobile Robots Considering Sensorms Perceptual Limitations.
Artificial Intelligence and Macro-Economy, An Application.
Hybrid Thematic Role Processor: Symbolic Linguistic Relations Revised by Connectionist Learning.
Model Checking for Nonmonotonic Logics: Algorithms and Complexity.
Asymptotic Conditional Probability in Modal Logic: A Probabilistic Reconstruction of Nonmonotonic Logic.
Frames-based Text Processing.
HPRL: A Language for Building Expert Systems.
Spatial Problems for a Simulated Robot.
Incorporating a folding rule into inductive logic programming.
Generality and Computational Cost.
A Deterministic Syntactic-Semantic Parser.
Measuring the Cost of Robotic Communication.
Design Of A Highly Parallel Visual Recognition System.
Plan Synthesis: A Logical Perspective.
Forgetting and Compacting data in Concept Learning.
Natural-Language Processing: Crucible for Computational Theories of Cognition.
Planning in a Hierarchy of Abstraction Spaces.
Consenting Agents: Negotiation Mechanisms for Multi-Agent Systems.
Towards a Model of Grounded Concept Formation.
Automated Reasoning: Real Uses and Potential Uses.
Deals Among Rational Agents.
The Nonlinear Nature of Plans.
Robot Weightlifting By Direct Policy Search.
Language Access to Distributed Data with Error Recovery.
Improving Speech Recognition on a Mobile Robot Platform through the use of Top-Down Visual Queues.
Automated Qualitative Domain Abstraction.
Distributive and Collective Readings in Group Protocols.
Bounded Search and Symbolic Inference for Constraint Optimization.
On the Hardness of Approximate Reasoning.
Qualitative Mathematical Reasoning.
Learning to Reason: The Non-Monotonic Case.
An Approximate Solver for Symbolic Equations.
Learning in Natural Language.
ARTIMIS: Natural Dialogue Meets Rational Agency.
Relational Learning via Propositional Algorithms: An Information Extraction Case Study.
Minimally intrusive negotiating agents for resource sharing.
Experiences Implementing a Parallel ATMS on a Shared-Memory Multiprocessor.
Constructive Second-Order Proofs in Logical Databases.
Modeling Cognitive Development on the Balance Scale Task.
Semantic Model for Induction of First Order Theories.
Law Discovery using Neural Networks.
Ordering Default Theories.
On the Implementation of AMBIT/G: A Graphical Programming Language.
Heuristics for Inductive Learning.
Gestalt Pattern Recognition with Arrays of Predetermined Neural Functions.
Learning with a Helpful Teacher.
The Role Of Hypothesis in Medical Diagnosis.
Hypertree-decomposition via Branch-decomposition.
Knowledge Sources In Vision.
Toward Automatic Debugging of Compilers.
From Conversations to Stories: An Analysis of Differences Between Oral and Written Language Comprehension.
Challenge to Artificial Intelligence: Programming Problems to be Solved.
The LOCUS Model of Search and its Use in Image Interpretation.
Concept Learning by Experiment.
Learning Subgoal Sequences for Planning.
Application of Fuzzy Heuristic Techniques to Computer Network Design.
Active Semantic Networks as a Model of Human Memory.
AI, Where It Has Been and Where It Is Going.
Incomplete Tree Search using Adaptive Probing.
An Efficient Algorithm for Surface Generation.
Computer-Aided Grammar Acquisition in the Chinese Understanding System CUSAGA.
Quantitative Evaluation of Explanation-Based Learning as an Optimisation Tool for a Large-Scale Natural Language System.
The Self-Organizing Desk.
An Heuristic Search based Approach for Moving Objects Tracking.
Epistemic Logics, Probability, and the Calculus of Evidence.
Improving Tree Decomposition Methods With Function Filtering.
Execution Architectures and Compilation.
Development of new techniques to improve Web search.
Rationality and Intelligence.
How Situated is Cognition?
Local Learning in Probabilistic Networks with Hidden Variables.
Within the Letter of the Law: Open-Textured Planning.
Provably Bounded Optimal Agents.
Concepts and Methods for Heuristic Search.
Efficient belief-state AND-OR search, with application to Kriegspiel.
A Programming Tool for Management of a Predicate-Calculus-Oriented Data Base.
On Optimal Game-Tree Search using Rational Meta-Reasoning.
Conversion of Predicate-Calculus Axioms, Viewed as Non-Deterministic Programs, to Corresponding Deterministic Programs.
Composing Real-Time Systems.
Ideas About Management Of LISP Data Bases.
Be Patient and Tolerate Imprecision: How Autonomous Agents can Coordinate Effectively.
A Functional Approach to Non-Monotonic Logic.
One System for Simulation of Pattern Recognition Algorithms.
Active Learning for Class Probability Estimation and Ranking.
Problems in Building an Instructable Production System.
The Pipelining Transformation on Plans for Manufacturing Cells with Robots.
Goal-Directed Diagnosis-Diagnostic Reasoning in Exploratory-Corrective Domains.
Filter Preferential Entailment for the Logic of Action in Almost Continuous Worlds.
Naturalness of an Utterance Based on the Automatically Retrieved Commonsense.
The Range of Applicability of Nonmonotonic Logics for the Inertia Problem.
Making Markets and Democracy Work: A Story of Incentives and Computing.
An Algorithm for Optimal Winner Determination in Combinatorial Auctions.
Coalition Formation among Bounded Rational Agents.
Equilibrium Analysis of the Possibilities of Unenforced Exchange in Multiagent Systems.
Market Clearability.
CABOB: A Fast Optimal Algorithm for Combinatorial Auctions.
Algorithms for Optimizing Leveled Commitment Contracts.
On the Gains and Losses of Speculation in Equilibrium Markets.
*** paper retracted by the authors *** [Dynamic Probabilistic Relational Models].
Affine Algebraic Decision Diagrams (AADDs) and their Application to Structured Probabilistic Inference.
Supervaluation Semantics for an Inland Water Feature Ontology.
Engineering a complex ontology with time.
A Logic-based Algorithm for Image Sequence Interpretation and Anchoring.
FBRL: A Function and Behavior Representation Language.
The Trailblazer Search with a Hierarchical Abstract Map.
RHB+: A Type-Oriented ILP System Learning from Positive Data.
PRISM: A Language for Symbolic-Statistical Modeling.
Generative Modeling with Failure in PRISM.
Qute: A Prolog/Lisp Type Language for Logic Programming.
Name-It: Naming and Detecting Faces in Video by the Integration of Image and Natural Language Processing.
Formal Properties and Implementation of Bidirectional Charts.
On the Requirements of Future Expert Systems.
Transduction with Confidence and Credibility.
An Anthropocentric Tool for Decision Making Support.
A Fault Detection and Isolation Method Applied to Liquid Oxygen Loading for the Space Shuttle.
Discriminating Animate from Inanimate Visual Stimuli.
Belief Functions for Real-Time Script Processing.
Solving Checkers.
Temporal Difference Learning Applied to a High-Performance Game-Playing Program.
The Utility of Expert Knowledge.
Combining Local Search and Look-Ahead for Scheduling and Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Probabilistic Reasoning for Plan Robustness.
Multi-Objective Learning via Genetic Algorithms.
Finding the Conceptual Content and Intention in an Utterance in Natural Language Conversation.
Natural Language Processing.
AI Multimedia and Education.
MARGIE: Memory Analysis Response Generation, and Inference on English.
How to Learn/What to Learn.
A Conceptual Parser for Natural Language.
A Brief Introduction to Boosting.
Computation of Immediate Texture Discrimination.
A Comparative Study of Logic Programs with Preference.
On Definitional Processes in Knowledge Reconstruction Systems.
Unbiased Assesment of Learning Algorithms.
A Sequential View of AND-Parallelism Through Partial AND-Processes.
Scripts, Plans and Knowledge.
Reasoning about the Interaction of Knowledge, Time and Concurrent Actions in the Situation Calculus.
Modular self-organization for a long-living autonomous agent.
The Reason for the Benefits of Minimax Search.
Valued Constraint Satisfaction Problems: Hard and Easy Problems.
A Correspondence Theory for Terminological Logics: Preliminary Report.
A Simplified Heuristic Version of Raviv's Algorithm for Using Context in Text Recognition.
ANTLIMA - A Listener Model with Mental Images.
Non-Standard Reasoning Services for the Debugging of Description Logic Terminologies.
Evolino: Hybrid Neuroevolution/Optimal Linear Search for Sequence Learning.
A Many-Sorted Calculus with Polymorphic Functions Based on Resolution and Paramodulation.
A Model of the Common-Sense Theory of Intention and Personal Causation.
Plan Recognition Using A Hypothesize and Revise Paradigm.
Classification in the KL-ONE Knowledge Representation System.
Prolog Extensions Based on Tableau Calculus.
On A* as a Special Case of Ordered Search.
Universal Plans for Reactive Robots in Unpredictable Environments.
Demonstration: Liaison Agents for Distributed Space Operations.
Iterated Limiting Recursion and the Program Minimization Problem.
Extending The Expressive Power Of Semantic Networks.
Interactive Spoken Simulation Control and Conversational Tutoring.
People Tracking with Anonymous and ID-Sensors Using Rao-Blackwellised Particle Filters.
Grammars as User Models.
Aggregating Features and Matching Cases on Vague Linguistic Expressions.
Practical PAC Learning.
The Exponentiated Subgradient Algorithm for Heuristic Boolean Programming.
Artificial Intelligence in the Personal Computer Environment, Today and Tomorrow.
Outline of a Naive Semantics for Reasoning with Qualitative Linguistic Information.
Utilizing Moment Invariants and Gröbner Bases to Reason About Shapes.
Generating Hierarchical Semantic Networks Froma Natural Language Discourse.
A State Logic for the Representation of Natural Language Based Intelligent Systems.
Enhancing Performance of Cooperating Agents in Real-Time Diagnostic Systems.
The Multilingual Generation Game: Authoring Fluent Texts in Unfamiliar Languages.
Learning Novel Domains Through Curiosity and Conjecture.
Knowledge Oriented Learning.
Answering Process Questions.
Constructive Induction: A Version Space-based Approach.
Tractable Induction and Classification in First Order Logic Via Stochastic Matching.
A Multi-Objective Multi-Modal Optimization Approach for Mining Stable Spatio-Temporal Patterns.
Diagnostic Reasoning in Software Fault Localization.
Towards a Theoretical Framework for Ensemble Classification.
Learning Concept Descriptions from Examples with Errors.
On the Operationality/Generality Trade-off in Explanation-based Learning.
A New Method for Solving Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Improvement of Marko's Model Toward the Inter-Locutional Communication Theory.
Incorporating Generalizaiton Heuristics into Verification of Prolog Programs.
A Computer Model of Child Language Acquisition.
Reasoning About Images: Application to Aerial Image Understanding.
Training and Tracking in Robotics.
Structural Symmetry Breaking.
Stochastic Search and Phase Transitions: AI Meets Physics.
Domain-Independent Extensions to GSAT: Solving Large Structured Satisfiability Problems.
Ten Challenges in Propositional Reasoning and Search.
The Tractability of Path-Based Inheritance.
Analogy-Based Acquisition of Utterances Relating to Temporal Aspects.
Fast Recursive Formulations for Best-First Search That Allow Controlled Use of Memory.
Non-Order-Preserving Evaluation Functions: Recursive Graph-Search Methods for Job Sequencing Problems.
Admissible Search Methods for Minimum Penalty Sequencing of Jobs with Setup Times on One and Two Machines.
A Genetic Prototype Learner.
Designing Comprehensible Agents.
Aspects of Distributed and Modular Ontology Reasoning.
A Formal Investigation of Mapping Language for Terminological Knowledge.
Induction of Syntactic Collocation Patterns from Generic Syntactic Relations.
Learning on the Phase Transition Edge.
Coping with exceptions in multiclass ILP problems using possibilistic logic.
Understanding Neural Networks via Rule Extraction.
Negation And Focus in Man - Machine Communication.
Dynamic, User-Centered Resolution in Interactive Stories.
Using Aspiration Windows for Minimax Algorithms.
An Incremental Theorem Prover.
Prediction is Deduction but Explanation is Abduction.
Explanation in the Situation Calculus.
The Ramification Problem in the Event Calculus.
Reconstruction of Curved-Surface Bodies from a Set of Imperfect Projections.
A Pictorial Approach to Object Classification.
A Net Structure for Semantic Information Storage, Deduction and Retrieval.
Representing Numbers in Semantic Networks: Prolegomena.
The Model Inference System.
An Algorithm that Infers Theories from Facts.
Logic Programs With Uncertainties: A Tool for Implementing Rule-Based Systems.
Goal Change.
A Net Structure Based Relational Question Answerer: Description and Examples.
Probabilistic Reasoning with Hierarchically Structured Variables.
A Computational Model of Tractable Reasoning - Taking Inspiration from Cognition.
Evidential Reasoning in Semantic Networks: A Formal Theory.
Learning Topological Maps with Weak Local Odometric Information.
Learning about Momentum Conservation.
Acquiring Recursive Concepts with Explanation-Based Learning.
An Explanation-based Approach to Generalizing Number.
NON-VON: A Parallel Machine Architecture for Knowledge-Based Information Processing.
NON-VONs Applicability to Three AI Task Areas.
Inferring LISP Programs From Examples.
Task Allocation Via Coalition Formation Among Autonomous Agents.
Pattern Clustering: An Artificial Intelligence Approach.
Minimizing Response Times in Real Time Planning and Search.
Towards a General Framework for Composing Disjunctive and Iterative Macro-operators.
Learning Finite Automata Using Local Distinguishing Experiments.
A Number Theory Approach to Problem Representation and Solution.
Rule Creation and Rule Learning Through Environmental Exploration.
A Computational Structure for the Propositional Calculus.
An Appraisal of a Decision Tree Approach to Image Classification.
Human Control of Remote Computer-Manipulators.
Intimate Learning: A Novel Approach for Combining Labelled and Unlabelled Data.
On Using Causal Knowledge to Recognize Vital Signals: Knowledge-based Interpretation of Arrhythmias.
CAA: A Knowledge Based System Using Causal Knowledge to Diagnose Cardiac Rhythm Disorders.
Sentence Disambiguation by a Shift-Reduce Parsing Technique.
A Cognitive Model of Figure Segregation.
ExpertClerk: Navigating Shoppers Buying Process with the Combination of Asking and Proposing.
Retrieving Cases from Relational Data-Bases: Another Stride Towards Corporate-Wide Case-Base Systems.
Japanese Language Semantic Analyzer Based on an Extended Case Frame Model.
Feature Extraction And Sentence Recognition Algorithm In Speech Input System.
Edge Finding, Segmentation Of Edges And Recognition Of Complex Objects.
Recognition of polyhedrons with a range finder.
Extraction of the Line Drawings of 3-Dimensional Objects by Sequential Illumination From Several Directions.
Combining Knowledge Acquisition and Machine Learning to Control Dynamic Systems.
First-Order Logical Filtering.
Recognition Using Semantic Constraints.
Naive Kinematics: One Aspect of Shape.
Nonmonotonic Logics: Meaning and Utility.
Time for Action: On the Relation Between Time, Knowledge and Action.
A Symmetric View of Utilities and Probabilities.
Belief as Defeasible Knowledge.
Fair Imposition.
A Dynamic Theory of Incentives in Multi-Agent Systems.
3-D Interpretation of Single Line Drawings.
ONCOCIN: An Expert System for Oncology Protocol Management.
An Algorithm for Reasoning About Equality.
Formal Grammars as Models of Logic Derivations.
Recognizing Intended Meaning and Speakers' Plans.
Universal Unification and Regular Equational ACFM Theories.
Grounded Models as a Basis for Intuitive Reasoning.
Rule-based Contact Monitoring Using Examples Obtained by Task Demonstration.
An Efficient Robot Planner which Generates Its Own Procedures.
Heuristic Search vs. Exhaustive Search.
Proving the Impossible is Impossible is Possible: Disproofs Based on Hereditary Partitions.
Automatic Program Synthesis from Example Problems.
Learning Equation Solving Methods From Examples.
Locating Polyhedral Objects from Edge Point Data.
Comparing image-based localization methods.
Some Relations Between Predicate Calculus and Semantic Net Representations of Discourse.
Inferences in Quantified Semantic Networks.
Generate, Test and Debug: Combining Associational Rules and Causal Models.
Probabilistic Robot Navigation in Partially Observable Environments.
Artificial Intelligence Systems That Understand.
Explaining the Ineffable: AI on the Topics of Intuition, Insight and Inspiration.
Pattern Linguistic Analysis Invariant for Plane Transformations.
Application of Questionnaire Theory to Pattern Recognition.
Efficient Consequence Finding.
Decentralized Search in Networks Using Homophily and Degree Disparity.
Significant Feature Detection and Matching in Image Pairs.
Towards a Formal Theory of Communication for Multi-agent Systems.
The Next Big Thing: Position Statements.
A Variable Supply Model for Distributing Deductions.
Collective Object Identification.
Toward the Automatic Discovery of Misconceptions.
Using Data and Theory in Multistretegy (Mis)Concept(ion) Discovery.
Recognizing Convex Blobs.
Hierarchical Hidden Markov Models for Information Extraction.
An English-Like Language For Qualitative Scientific Knowledge.
Path Planning Through Time and Space in Dynamic Domains.
Completeness Theorems for Semantic Resolution in Consequence-Finding.
The Implications of Paraconsistency.
SCOTT: A Model-Guided Theorem Prover.
Backbones in Optimization and Approximation.
A System Which Allows Students to Explore Algorithms.
A Rule-Based Task Generation System.
Some Challenges for Intelligent Tutoring Systems.
User Modelling.
Dynamically Quantized Pyramids.
Learning Technique and the Stochastic Approximation Method.
Interactions Between Philosophy and Artificial Intelligence: The Role of Intuition and Non-Logical Reasoning in Intelligence.
What Enables a Machine to Understand?
A Philosophical Encounter.
The Altricial-Precocial Spectrum for Robots.
Why Robots Will Rave Emotions.
Under What Conditions Can a Machine Attribute Meanings to Symbols.
Viewing Word Expert Parsing as Linguistic Theory.
Quantifying Beliefs by Belief Functions: An Axiomatic Justification.
The Canonical Decomposition of a Weighted Belief.
The Contract Net: A Formalism for the Control of Distributed Problem Solving.
A Design for an Automatic Programming System.
A Problem Reduction Approach to Program Synthesis.
Flexible Learning of Problem Solving Heuristics Through Adaptive Search.
STROBE: Support for Structured Object Knowledge Representation.
Reasoning by Cases and the Formation of Conditional Programs.
The Dipmeter Advisor System - A Case Study in Commercial Expert System Development.
Design of a Low Cost, General Purpose Robot.
Backtracking in MLISP2: an efficient backtracking method for LISP.
Sparse Constraint Graphs and Exceptionally Hard Problems.
Streamlining Local Search for Spatially Balanced Latin Squares.
A Model for Learning Systems.
The Use of Multiple Problem Decompositions in Time Constrained Planning Tasks.
Value Ordering for Finding All Solutions.
Temporal Planning with Mutual Exclusion Reasoning.
Representation and Use of Explicit Justifications for Knowledge Base Refinements.
The Challenge of Neural Darwinism.
A Live-User Evaluation of Collaborative Web Search.
Collaborative Web Search.
Remembering To Forget: A Competence-Preserving Case Deletion Policy for Case-Based Reasoning Systems.
The Power of Suggestion.
A Robot Planning Structure Using Production Rules.
On Calibrating Computer Controlled Cameras for Perceiving 3-D Scenes.
Reducing the Derivation of Redundant Clauses in Reasoning Systems.
CRYSTAL: Inducing a Conceptual Dictionary.
Combining Qualitative and Quantitative Knowledge to Generate Models of Physical Systems.
Acquisition of Qualitative Spatial Representation by Visual Observation.
An Integrated Multilevel Learning Approach to Multiagent Coalition Formation.
Reflective Negotiating Agents for Real-Time Multisensor Target Tracking.
A Macro Actor/Token Implementation of Production Systems on a Data-Mow Multiprocessor.
Inductive Inference Theory - A Unified Approach to Problems in Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence.
Beverly Park Woolf, Eric Rubin, Paul Barth: Meno-II: An Intelligent Tutoring System for Novice Programmers.
Levels of Pattern Description in Learning.
Towards a Combined Representation for Spacial and Temporal Reference.
Control Structures for Software Agents.
Improving Heuristic-Based Temporal Analysis of Narratives with Aspect Determination.
SVM-based Obstacles Recognition for Road Vehicle Applications.
Self Adaptive Particle Filter.
A Simple Feature Selection Method for Text Classification.
Beyond TFIDF Weighting for Text Categorization in the Vector Space Model.
An On-line Decision-Theoretic Golog Interpreter.
Learning Distributed Representations for the Classification of Terms.
Simulating Student Programmers.
Multiple-Goal Reinforcement Learning with Modular Sarsa(0).
Search Strategies for the Task of Organic Chemical Synthesis.
Representation of Actions That Have Side-Effects.
A Multi-Level Perception Approach to Reading Cursive Script.
Incorporating Syntactic Constraints in Recognizing Handwritten Sentences.
The Architecture of Coherent Information System: A General Problem Solving System.
Comparison of Methods for Improving Search Efficiency in a Partial-Order Planner.
An assessment of submissions made to the Predictive Toxicology Evaluation Challenge.
The Predictive Toxicology Evaluation Challenge.
A Metalogic Programming Approach to Reasoning about Time in Knowledge Bases.
Evaluating an NLG System using Post-Editing.
"Tall", "Good", "High" - Compared to What?
Scalable Temporal Reasoning.
Exploring Unknown Environments with Mobile Robots using Coverage Maps.
BRIBIP: A Bridge Bidding Program.
COMEX: A Commodities Support System.
Deduction-based Region-Use Planning.
Dynamic Semantics for Tense and Aspect.
Descriptions as Constraints in Object-Oriented Representation.
Emergent Frame Recognition and Its Use in Artificial Creatures.
The Origins of Syntax in Visually Grounded Robotic Agents.
Situated Grounded Word Semantics.
Collective Behaviour of Automata and the Problems of Stable Local Control of a Large-scale System.
On a Local Approach to Representation in Problem Solving.
Partial, Vague Knowledge for Similarity Measures.
CYPRESS-Soar: A Case Study in Search and Learning in Algorithm Design.
Symbolic Execution in Algorithm Design.
Skeptical Inheritance: Computing the Intersection of Credulous Extensions.
Structural Relations - A Case Against Case.
Detecting and locating faults in the control software of autonomous mobile robots.
Mobile Robot Navigation by an Active Control of the Vision System.
The Focussed D* Algorithm for Real-Time Replanning.
A New Logical framework for Deductive Planning.
Concepts in Conceptual Clustering.
The Difference All-Difference Makes.
Explaining Prolog Based Expert Systems Using a Layered Meta-Interpreter.
The Line of Curvature Constraint and the Interpretation of 3-D Shape From Parallel Surface Contours.
Combining Weak Knowledge Sources for Sense Disambiguation.
A Complete Unification Algorithm for Associative-Commutative Functions.
Automated Deduction by Theory Resolution.
An Analysis of Consecutively Bounded Depth-First Search with Applications in Automated Deduction.
Control Issues in Classificatory Diagnosis.
Satisficing and Learning Cooperation in the Prisoner s Dilemma.
Natural Language and Exploration of an Information Space: The ALFresco Interactive System.
Was the Title of This Talk Gernerated Automatically? Prospects on Intelligent Interfaces and Language.
Getting Serious about the Development of Computational Humor.
Architecture and Applications of DADO: A Large-Scale Parallel Computer for Artificial Intelligence.
Rapid Retrieval Algorithms for Case-Based Reasoning.
Default Inheritance Reasoning in Hybrid KL-ONE-Style Logics.
A Four-Valued Fuzzy Propositional Logic.
Inter-Agent Communication: A Cost-Reduction Approach Using an Autonomous Mobile Mailbox.
The Generation of Explanations within Evidential Reasoning Systems.
One-Eyed Stereo: A General Approach to Modeling 3-D Scene Geometry.
A Probabilistic Approach to Marker Propagation.
Natural Object Recognition: A Theoretical Framework and Its Implementation.
Redesigning a Problem-Solver's Operations to Improve Solution Quality.
Fundamentals of Model-Based Diagnosis of Dynamic Systems.
"Physical Negation" Integrating Fault Models into the General Diagnostic Engine.
An Implementation of a Multi-Agent Plan Synchronizer.
Integrity and Change in Modular Ontologies.
Optimized Execution of Action Chains Using Learned Performance Models of Abstract Actions.
FCA-MERGE: Bottom-Up Merging of Ontologies.
Coupling CSP Decomposition Methods and Diagnosis Algorithms for Tree-Structured Systems.
Diagnosing Tree Structured Systems.
Debugging Functional Programs.
Last-Branch and Speculative Pruning Algorithms for Max.
Leaf-Value Tables for Pruning Non-Zero-Sum Games.
Boundary Conditions in Multiple Intrinsic Images.
Computationally Grounded Model of BDI-Agents.
Conceptual Design and Artificial Intelligence.
Ants and Reinforcement Learning: A Case Study in Routing in Dynamic Networks.
The Relevance of Irrelevance.
Combining Learning Constraints and Numerical Regression.
Skill Reconstruction as Induction of LQ Controllers with Subgoals.
Qualitatively Faithful Quantitative Prediction.
Clinical-Reasoning Skill Acquisition through Intelligent Group Tutoring.
Range Data Understanding Guided by a Junction Dictionary.
COSPEX: A System for Constructing Private Digital Libraries.
Concurrent LISP on a Multi-Micro-Processor System.
An Endorsement-based Plan Recognition Program.
Storing and Generalizing Multiple Instances While Maintaining Knowledge-Level Parallelism.
Example-Based Machine Translation on Massively Parallel Processors.
The Ontology Revision.
Electrical Design: A Problem for Artificial Intelligence Research.
Preferences for Model Selection in Explanation.
QUALTES: A Domain Specific Tool for Electric Power Stations.
A Case Based Approach to the Generation of Musical Expression.
A Digitalis Therapy Advisor with Explanations.
Explaining and Justifying Expert Consulting Programs.
Arguments of Persuasion in Labour Mediation.
Argumentation: Planning Other Agents' Plans.
Index Transformation Techniques for Facilitating Creative Use of Multiple Cases.
Brand X: LISP Suport for Semantic Networks.
Lazy ExplanationBased Learning: A Solution to the Intractable Theory Problem.
A Formalization of Explanation-Based Macro-operator Learning.
A CLP-Based, Diagnosticity-Driven System for Concept Combinations.
A Statistical Model for Flexible String Similarity.
Choosing between heuristics and strategies: an enhanced model for decision-making.
Two Fielded Teams and Two Experts: A RoboCup Challenge Response from the Trenches.
Eliminating Expensive Chunks by Restricting Expressiveness.
RESC: An Approach for Real-time, Dynamic Agent Tracking.
Neural Logic Network Learning using Genetic Programming.
Specificity and Inheritance in Default Reasoning.
Representation and Analysis of Electrical Circuits in a Deductive System.
Parsing Circuit Topology in a Deductive System.
Online Support System for Mediator Education.
Self-Organization of Symbolic Processes through Interaction with the Physical World.
Rapid Computation of Fourier Texture Descriptors.
Temporal-Difference Networks with History.
Performance Evaluation of the Inference Structure in Expert System.
A Procedure for Adaptive Control of the Interaction Between Acoustic Classification and Linguistic Decoding in Automatic Recognition of Continuous Speech.
An Interpreter For The Programming Languages Predicate Logic.
A Language for Implementing Arbitrary Logics.
Probabilistic Classification and Clustering in Relational Data.
Interacting Goals And Their Use.
Generating Project Networks.
Automatic Abstracting of Textual Material.
Improved Classification for a Data Fusing Kohonen Self Organizing Map Using A Dynamic Thresholding Technique.
A Belief Representation for Understanding Deception.
Building Robust Learning Systems by Combining Induction and Optimization.
Exploiting Domain Knowledge for Approximate Diagnosis.
Toward a Programming Laboratory.
CLISP - Conversational LISP.
A Display Oriented Programmer's Assistant.
Algorithm Evolution for Signal Understanding.
The Framework for a Model of Psychoanalytic Inference.
A Region-Analysis Subsystem For Interactive Scene Analysis.
Taxonomic Reasoning.
Preserving Consistency Across Abstraction Mappings.
Rational Competitive Analysis.
Electronic Commerce: From Economic and Game-Theoretic Models to Working Protocols.
On Cooperation in a Multi-Entity Model.
An Effective Learning Method for Max-Min Neural Networks.
Integrating Linguistic and Pragmatic Temporal Information in Natural Language Understanding: the case of ``When Sentences''.
Automata Theory for Reasoning About Actions.
Cooperative Search and Nogood Recording.
Intelligent Assistance through Collaborative Manipulation.
The Role of Constraints and Discontinuities in Visible-Surface Reconstruction.
Modeling Living Systems for Computer Vision.
The LISP7O Pattern Matching System.
Qualitative Structural Analysis Using Diagrammatic Reasoning.
Chemical Analogies: Two Kinds of Explanation.
Discovering the Wave Theory of Sound: Inductive Inference in the Context of Problem Solving.
Detecting & Avoiding Interference Between Goals in Intelligent Agents.
Using Relational Operators to Structure Long-Term Memory.
In Defense of PDDL Axioms.
The Logic of Dynamic Systems.
Computing Ramifications by Postprocessing.
The Navigation System of the JPL Robot.
Parallel Formulation of Evidential-Reasoning Theories.
Empowering Automatic Decision-Making Systems: General Intelligence, Responsibility, and Moral Sensibility.
Recognition-Based Diagnostic Reasoning.
High-Impact Future Research Directions for Artificial Intelligence.
AUTOPILOT: A Distributed Planner for Air Fleet Control.
Hypercuboid-Formation Behaviour of Two Learning Algorithms.
Correspondence in Line Drawings of Multiple Views of Objects.
Generating Facts From Opinions with Information Source Models.
A Learning Algorithm for Localizing People Based on Wireless Signal Strength that Uses Labeled and Unlabeled Data.
Integrating Inductive Neural Network Learning and Explanation-Based Learning.
Learning One More Thing.
Philosophical And Psychological Problems Of Artificial Intelligence.
Stacked Generalizations: When Does It Work?
The Use Of Informal Calculus in Problems Of Artificial Intellect.
Learning to Play Like the Great Pianists.
Automatic Thesaurus Construction based on Grammatical Relations.
Direct Memory Access Translation.
Beyond PDP: The Frequency Modulation Neural Network Architecture.
On the Interaction between Inverse Features and Path-functional Dependencies in Description Logics.
Hierarchical Description of Textures.
A Learning Vision System for 2D Object Recognition.
An Efficient Context-Free Parsing Algorithm for Natural Languages.
The Universal Parser Architecture for Knowledge-based Machine Translation.
On the Classification of Patterns by the Karhunen-Loeve Orthogonal System Without Supervisor.
Detection of Homogeneous Regions by Structural Analysis.
Tuning a Knowledge Base of Refinement Rules To Create Good Circuit Designs.
A Tool for Building Second Generation Expert Systems.
Active Learning for Structure in Bayesian Networks.
A Comparison of Uncertainty Calculi in an Expert System for Information Retrieval.
Computational and Physical Causality.
Cancelling and Overshadowing: Two Types of Defeasibility in Defeasible Deontic Logic.
Rights, Duties and Commitments between Agents.
Automatic Abstraction in Component-Based Diagnosis Driven by System Observability.
On the Complexity of Extending Ground Resolution with Symmetry Rules.
Symbols Among the Neurons: Details of a Connectionist Inference Architecture.
A Clash of Intuitions: The Current State of Nonmonotonic Multiple Inheritance Systems.
A Skeptic's Menagerie: Conflictors, Preemptors, Reinstaters, and Zombies in Nonrnonotonic Inheritance.
Learning discontinuities for switching between local models.
Concept Decomposition as a Method of Concept Formation.
Learning Algorithms for Software Agents in Uncertain and Untrusted Market Environments.
Model-based Diagnosability and Sensor Placement Application to a Frame 6 Gas Turbine Subsystem.
The Orders of Magnitude Models as Qualitative Algebras.
A Logic for Acting, Sensing and Planning.
TELOS, A Language for Building Well-Structured AI Models.
IRIS: A System for the Propogation of Inferences in a Semantic Net.
Computational Complexity of Multi-way, Dataflow Constraint Problems.
An ATN Model for 3-D Recognition of Solids in Single Images.
X2MORF: A Morphological Component Based on Augmented Two-Level Morphology.
The Role of Roles: Some Aspects of Real World Knowledge Representation.
On the Descriptional Complexity of Production Systems.
Modal Interpretations of Default Logic.
Computer Assisted Reasoning with MIZAR.
3-D Inference From the Motion Parallax of a Conic Arc and a Point in Two Perspective Views.
Time Structures for AI.
Ordering Heuristics for Description Logic Reasoning.
Some Notes on Motion Understanding.
Knowledge-Base Driven Analysis of Cinecardioangiograms.
Temporal Event Recognition: An Application to Left Ventricular Performance.
The Complexity of Perceptual Search Tasks.
Making Cognitive Map of Outdoor Environment.
Detection of Elliptic and Linear Edges by Searching Two Parameter Spaces.
Understanding a Simple Cartoon Film by a Computer Vision System.
Recognition Of An Object in A Stack Of Industrial Parts.
Knowledge-Based Identification of Artery Branches in Cine-Angiograms.
Visual Path Planning by a Mobile Robot.
Extracting Propositions from Trained Neural Networks.
Sequential Genetic Search for Ensemble Feature Selection.
Kanerva's Sparse Distributed Memory: An Object-Oriented Implementation on the Connection Machine.
Coherent Keyphrase Extraction via Web Mining.
Measuring Semantic Similarity by Latent Relational Analysis.
A Maneuvering-Board Approach to Path Planning with Moving Obstacles.
Collision Detection and Avoidance in Computer Controlled Manipulators.
Theory of Alignment Generators and Applications to Statistical Machine Translation.
Animate Vision in a Rich Environment.
A `Recognition Cone' Perceptual System: Brief Test Results.
The Learning of Parameters for Generating Compound Characterizers for Pattern Recognition.
MIKROKOSMS and Robots.
The Analysis and Synthesis of Jazz by Computer.
Abstraction in Problem Solving and Learning.
Adjusting Bias ln Concept Learning.
Verbal Case Frame Acquisition from Bilingual Corpora.
An Extension of Unification to Substitution with an Application to Automatic Theorem Proving.
Qualitative Reasoning about Perception and Belief.
Deriving Properties of Belief Update from Theories of Action (II).
Learning Disjunction of Conjunctions.
Blackboard-based Dependency Parsing.
A Result on the Computational Complexity of Heuristic Estimates for the A* Algorithm.
A Weighted Polynomial Information Gain Kernel for Resolving Prepositional Phrase Attachment Ambiguities with Support Vector Machines.
Automated Verification: Graphs, Logic, and Automata.
A Model-Theoretic Analysis of Monotonic Knowledge.
Qualitative Model Evolution.
A Hybrid Approach for the 01 Multidimensional Knapsack problem.
Discrimination of Semi-Quantitative Models by Experiment Selection: Method and Application in Population Biology.
Semi-Quantitative Comparative Analysis.
An Inductive Database for Mining Temporal Patterns in Event Sequences.
Analogy Generation with HowNet.
The Competence of Sub-Optimal Theories of STructure Mapping on Hard Analogies.
Stereotype Extraction with Default Clustering.
Conceptual Grouping in Word Co-Occurrence Networks.
A Parallel Blackboard System for Robot Control.
Disjunctive Temporal Planning with Uncertainty.
Quantum Computation and Image Processing: New Trends in Artificial Intelligence.
Induction of Concepts in the Predicate Calculus.
Solving Geometric Constraint Satisfaction Problems for Spatial Planning.
Induction of Relational Productions in the Presence of Background Information.
Splicing Plans to Achieve Misordered Goals.
Temporal Scope of Assertions and Window Cutoff.
Unique Normal Forms and Confluence of Rewrite Systems: Persistence.
Variable Resolution Particle Filter.
Application of Automatic Transformations to Program Verification.
Discourse Consistency and Many-Sorted Logic.
Numerical Interval Simulation: Combined Qualitative and Quantitative Simulation to Bound Behaviors of Non-Monotonic Systems.
ACE: An Expert System for Telephone Cable Maintenance.
A lookahead strategy for solving large planning problems.
Highly Reactive Decision Making: A Game with Time.
Test Case Generation using KBS Strategy.
The Restricted Language Architecture of a Hybrid Representation System.
Semantic Inference in Natural Language: Validating a Tractable Approach.
PAPE: An On-Line System for Inferring Procedures from Sets of Their Traces.
Be Brief, Be to the Point, ... Be Seated or Relevant Responses in Man/Machine Conversation.
The Use of Neural Network Approach in Financial Asset Management.
Assertion Application in Theorem Proving and Proof Planning.
Meaning development versus predefined meanings in language evolution models.
Automating the Construction of Patchers That Satisfy Global Constraints.
Preference-Based Semantics for Nonmonotonic Logics.
Learning Payoff Functions in Infinite Games.
Automated Reasoning: Past Story and New Trends.
Strategies in Rigid-Variable Methods.
On the Use of Integer Programming Models in AI Planning.
Automatic Video Interpretation: A Novel Algorithm for Temporal Scenario Recognition.
Ex contradictione nihil sequitur.
Violation-Guided Learning for Constrained Formulations in Neural-Network Time-Series Predictions.
Discrete Lagrangian-Based Search for Solving MAX-SAT Problems.
Robust Translation of Spontaneous Speech: A Multi-Engine Approach.
Pointing, Language and the Visual World: Towards Multimodal Input and Output for Natural Language Dialog Systems (Panel).
Over-Answering Yes-No Questions: Extended Responses in a NL Interface to a Vision System.
Epistemic Extension of Propositional Preference Logics.
Compiling Prioritized Circumscription into Extended Logic Programs.
PROW: A Step Toward Automatic Program Writing.
Knowledge and Reasoning in Program Synthesis.
Speech Understanding Through Syntactic and Semantic Analysis.
Prolog/Ex 1, An Inference Engine Which Explains Both Yes and No Answers.
Speech Understanding and AI/AI and Speech Understanding.
Procedures for Integrating Knowledge in a Speech Understanding System.
Motives and Emotions in a General Learning System.
Compiling Integrity Checking into Update Procedures.
Why AC-3 is Almost Always Better than AC4 for Establishing Arc Consistency in CSPs.
Behavior Bounding: Toward Effective Comparisons of Agents & Humans.
First Results in Robot Road-Following.
Matrix Proof Methods for Modal Logics.
Search on High Degree Graphs.
Depth-bounded Discrepancy Search.
Search in a Small World.
A Multi-Agent Computational Linguistic Approach to Speech Recognition.
Efficiency and Equilibrium in Task Allocation Economies with Hierarchical Dependencies.
On Market-Inspired Approaches to Propositional Satisfiability.
A Many-Sorted Calculus Based on Resolution and Paramodulation.
Combining Induction Axioms by Machine.
Natural Language Access To A Large Data Base: An Engineering Approach.
Toward a Detailed Model of Processing for Language Describing the Physical World.
Writing a Natural Language Data Base System.
Designing Examples for Semantically Guided Hierarchical Deduction.
On Wu's Method for Proving Constructive Geometric Theorems.
Constrainted Object Hierarchy - An Architecture for Intelligent Systems.
Incremental Utility Elicitation with the Minimax Regret Decision Criterion.
On Semantics of TMS.
W - A Logic System Based on the Shared Common Knowledge Views.
A flexible and robust similarity measure based on contextual probability.
A Lattice Machine Approach to Automated Casebase Design: Marrying Lazy and Eager Learning.
Minimum Splits Based Discretization for Continuous Features.
A Method of Generating Calligraphy of Japanese Character using Deformable Contourse.
A Parsing Method for Identifying Words in Mandarin Chinese Sentences.
Switching Hypothesized Measurements: A Dynamic Model with Applications to Occlusion Adaptive Joint Tracking.
A Default Interpretation of Defeasible Network.
Extending the Constraint Propagation of Intervals.
Remarks on the Problem of the Logical Design of the Vertebrate Visual System.
Input Data Management in Real-Time AI Systems.
Discovering Time Differential Law Equations Containing Hidden State Variables and Chaotic Dynamics.
Discovering Admissible Models of Complex Systems Based on Scale-Types and Idemtity Constraints.
Discovering Admissible Model Equations from Observed Data Based on Scale-Types and Identity Constrains.
Guiding Constructive Induction for Incremental Learning from Examples.
Learning Structural Decision Trees from Examples.
Adaptive Production Systems.
Protocol Analysis as a Task for Artificial Intelligence.
PAS-II: An Interactive Task-Free Version of an Automatic Protocol Analysis System.
A Knowledge-Based Program Editor.
Learning Phonetic Features Using Connectionist Networks.
A Distributed Case-Based Reasoning Application for Engineering Sales Support.
Recognition of Hand-Printed Numerals Reduced to Graph-Representable Form.
EVOC: A Music Generating System using Genetic Algorithms.
Decision Tree Grafting.
Decision Tree Grafting From the All Tests But One Partition.
Structure from Motion of Rigid and Jointed Objects.
Instructions: Language and Behavior.
Varieties of User Misconceptions: Detection and Correction.
A Parallel Algorithm for Statistical Belief Refinement and its use in Causal Reasoning.
Automatic Detection Of Rib Contours in Chest Radiographs.
Heuristic Methods for Mechanically Deriving Inductive Assertions.
A Modular Parser for French.
Extending the Resolution Method with Sorts.
Structuring Techniques for Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Avoiding Overfitting with BP-SOM.
The Design Of A System For Designing Knowledge Representation Systems.
Structured Robotics.
Association Memory Model Using The Notion Of "Importance".
LOGO as an Information Prosthetic for Communication and Control.
Constraint Posting for Verifying VLSI Circuits.
3-D Shape Representation by Contours.
Learning to Coordinate Actions in Multi-Agent-Systems.
Reduced Complexity Rule Induction.
Rule-Based Regression.
An Empirical Comparison of Pattern Recognition, Neural Nets, and Machine Learning Classification Methods.
Developing Microprocessor Based Expert Models for Instrument Interpretation.
A Model-Based Consultation System for the Long-Term Management of Glaucoma.
Combining Discrete and Continuous Process Models.
Comparative Analysis.
Automatically Personalizing User Interfaces.
Dominance and Subsumption in Constraint-Posting Planning.
Parallel Distributed Belief Networks That Learn.
Building Patterned Structures with Robot Swarms.
Integration of Semantic and Syntactic Constraints for Structural Noun Phrase Disambiguation.
Preference Moore Machines for Neural Fuzzy Integration.
Intelligent Systems in Travel and Tourism.
Understanding and Improving LISP Programs.
Learning Racquetball by Constrained Example Generation.
Reasoning About Control: The Investigation of an Evidential Approach.
Planning in the World of the Air Traffic Controller.
Leave-One-Out Support Vector Machines.
When Discriminative Learning of Bayesian Network Parameters Is Easy.
Experiments In Knowledge-Driven Interpretation of Natural Scenes.
Predictor: An Alternative Approach to Uncertain Inference in Expert Systems.
State Space Models of Remote Manipulation Tasks.
A Predicate Connection Graph Based Logic with Flexible Control.
Reconstructive Explanation: Explanation as Complex Problem Solving.
How Latent is Latent Semantic Analysis?
Knowledge Acquisition in the Consul System.
PAM - A Program That Infers Intentions.
A Knowledge-Based Approach to Language Processing: A Progress Report.
Memory and Inference.
Representation in a Domain-Independent Planner.
Learning Subjective Representations for Planning.
Understanding Without Proofs.
Knowledge Structures and Language Boundaries.
Responsible Computers?
Multiple Agents and the Heuristic Ascription of Belief.
Your Metaphor or Mine: Belief Ascription and Metaphor Interpretation.
Syntax, Preference and Right Attachment.
Grid Coding: A Preprocessing Technique for Robot and Machine Vision.
Spectral Continuity and Eye Vergence Movement.
Iterated Theory Base Change: A Computational Model.
Anytime Belief Revision.
Mode Estimation of Model-based Programs: Monitoring Systems with Complex Behavior.
Backdoors To Typical Case Complexity.
Model-Building in the Visions System.
A Reactive Planner for a Model-based Executive.
Diagnosis of Multiple Faults in a Nationwide Communications Network.
Determining Explanations using Transmutations.
Appropriate Microplanning Choices for Low-Skilled Readers.
Exploiting Domain structure to Achieve Efficient Temporal Reasoning.
Constitutional Law and Artificial Intelligence: The Potential Legal Recognition of Computers as "Persons".
Decision Diagrams for the Computation of Semiring Valuations.
SPARK: A System for Parallel Representation of Knowledge.
Hierarchical Credit Allocation in a Classifier System.
Neural Computing on a One Dimensional SIMD Array.
Semantic Code Analysis.
Maximum A Posteriori Path Estimation with Input Trace Perturbation: Algorithms and Application to Credible Rating of Human Routines.
Expert Systems: How Far Can They Go?
Sometimes Updates Are Circumscription.
Proof General / Eclipse: A Generic Interface for Interactive Proof.
Adaptable Planner Primitives for Real-World Robotic Applications.
Scale-Space Filtering.
What Is Perceptual Organization For?
A Parallel Processor Algorithm for Robot Route Planning.
A Schema-Based Approach to Understanding Subjunctive Conditionals.
Improving Efficiency by Learning Intermediate Concepts.
A Methodology for Evaluating Theory Revision Systems: Results with Audrey II.
Using Line Correspondence Stereo to Measure Surface Orientation.
The LPSAT Engine & Its Application to Resource Planning.
Reinforcement Learning in Distributed Domains: Beyond Team Games.
GLIMPSE - A Statistical Adventure.
Reasoning about distances.
Multi-Dimensional Description Logics.
Language Comprehension in a Problem Solver.
Propagation of Preference Relations in Qualitative Inference Networks.
Dynamic World Simulation for Planning With Multiple Agents.
A Cooperative Algorithm for Determining Surface Orientation from a Single View.
Shortfall and Density Scoring Strategies for Speech Understanding Control.
The Hybrid Phenomena Theory.
Mechanical Inference Prohlems in Continuous Speech Understanding.
A Framework for Representing Tutorial Discourse.
Analysis of an Extended Concept-Learning Task.
Approximating Maximum-Entropy Ratings for Evidential Parsing and Semantic Interpretation.
Layering Predictions: Flexible Use of Dialog Expectation in Speech Recognition.
Stochastic Inversion Transduction Grammars, with Application to Segmentation, Bracketing, and Alignment of Parallel Corpora.
SVMC: Single-Class Classification With Support Vector Machines.
Risk Control in Multi-agent Coordination by Negotiation with a Trusted Third Party.
Preprocessing Search Spaces for Branch and Bound Search.
Representation and Induction of Infinite Concepts and Recursive Action Sequences.
Mining Spatial Object Associations for Scientific Data.
Concept Learning by Structured Examples - An Algebraic Approach.
A Scheme for Feature Construction and a Comparison of Empirical Methods.
Automatically Extracting and Comparing Lexicalized Grammars for Different Languages.
Dynamics of Coalition Formation in Combinatorial Trading.
AI Research in China: A Review.
An MFIS for Computing a Raw Cognitive Map.
W-JS: A Modal Logic of Knowledge.
Flexible Data Fusion (and Fission).
Preface.
A Simple Model to Generate Hard Satisfiable Instances.
Making AC-3 an Optimal Algorithm.
Automatic Diagnosis of Student Programs in Programming Learning Environments.
Generalizing Term Subsumption Languages to Fuzzy Logic.
IJCAI Organization.
A Region-Based Stereo Algorithm.
Recovering Surface Shape from Boundary.
Theoretical Analysis of Davis-Putnam Procedure and Propositional Satisfiability.
Three-Dimensional Interpretation of Quadrilaterals.
Fuzzy Logic and AI.
Coarse-to-Fine Control Strategy for Matching Motion Stereo Pairs.
Automatic Semantic Role Labeling for Chinese Verbs.
CAST: Collaborative Agents for Simulating Teamwork.
Lock, Linear Lambda-Paramodulation in Operator Fuzzy Logic.
Sensitivity Analysis of Multilayer Perceptron.
Determining Velocity Map By 3-D Iterative Estimation.
Model-Guided Monitoring of a Building Environment by a Mobile Robot.
Web Page Cleaning for Web Mining through Feature Weighting.
Decidable Reasoning in a Modified Situation Calculus.
A Machine Vision For Complex Industrial Parts With Learning Capability.
A Framework for Handling Vision Data in an Object Level Robot Language-RAPT.
Contents.
Reasoning with Uncertainty for Expert Systems.
Tense, Aspect, and Cognitive Representation of Time.
IJCAI-07 Keynote and Invited Speakers.
On the Representation of Nonmontonic Relations in the Theory of Evidence.
Reasoning about Fluid Motion I: Finding Structures.
A Subspace Kernel for Nonlinear Feature Extraction.
Structural Inferences from Massive Datasets.
IJCAI-07 Conference Organization.
Analysis Of Three-Dimensional Scene Images On The Knowledge Of Their Texture Features.
Qualitative Map Learning Based on Co-visibility of Objects.
A Logic Program Schema and Its Applications.
Boundary And Object Detection In Real World Images.
Inductive Inference of Context-free Languages- Context-free Expression Method.
A Semantics-Based Decision Theory Region Analyser.
Counting Complexity of Propositional Abduction.
Past IJCAI Conferences.
A Hybrid Approach to Interactive Machine Translation - Integrating Rule-based, Corpus-based, and Example-basedMethod.
Characterization of Strategy/False-name Proof Combinatorial Auction Protocols: Price-oriented, Rationing-free Protocol.
A Diagnosis Method of Dynamic System Using the Knowledge on System Description.
Coalitional Games in Open Anonymous Environments.
Selective Learning of Macro-operators with Perfect Causality.
Robust Multi-unit Auction Protocol against False-name Bids.
Bundle Design in Robust Combinatorial Auction Protocol against False-name Bids.
Parallel Processing of Resolution.
Modelling Distributed Systems.
Extraction of Hierarchies Based on Inclusion of Co-occurring Words with Frequency Information.
Concept Formation over Explanations and Problem-Solving Experience.
An Augmented EBL and its Application to the Utility Problem.
Going Far, Logically.
3D Object Representation and Matching with B-Splines and Surface Patches.
A Motion Closed World Asumption.
Temporal Reasoning with Preferences and Uncertainty.
A Network of Communicating Logic Programs and Its Semantics.
On The System Of Concepts Relations And Outline Of The Natural Language System.
A Problem Space Approach to Expert System Specification.
High Level Memory Structures and Text Coherence in Translation.
On the Equivalence between Answer Sets and Models of Completion for Nested Logic Programs.
Combining Prediction, Syntactic Analysis and Semantic Analysis in Chinese Sentence Analysis.
Specification Overlays: An Application of Partitioned Semantic Networks.
Partial Constraints in Chinese Analysis.
Classification Networks: A Knowledge Representation Scheme for Curriculum Prescription.
Automation Intelligence for the Smart Environment.
Question Classification by Structure Induction.
PRUF - A Language for the Representation of Meaning in Natural Languages.
Syllogistic Reasoning as a Basis for Combination of Evidence in Expert Systems.
Intended Models, Circumscription and Commonsense Reasoning.
Empirical Prediction Algorithm.
Hypothesis of Simplicity in Pattern Recognition.
A Formal Description for Two-Dimensional Patterns.
Dialogue Cohesion Sharing and Adjusting in an Enhanced Multimodal Environment.
Weakening Commensurability Hypothesis in Possibilistic Qualitative Decision Theory.
Axiomatic Foundations for Qualitative/Ordinal Decisions with Partial Preferences.
Simulation Of Functions Of Composer and Musicologist On Electronic Computer.
Building the Inference Component of an Historical Information Retrieval System.
Identification Of Bodies in A Contour Image Of A Three-Dimensional Scene.
Levels Of Decision Making And Certain Problems Of Artificial Intellect.
A Structural Method of Scene Analysis.
Second Order Measures for Uncertainty Processing.
An Information Presentation System.
Integrating Background Knowledge Into Text Classification.
Combining FOIL and EBG to Speed-up Logic Programs.
Combining Probabilistic Population Codes.
Language Acquisition: Learning a Hierarchy of Phrases.
Learning Idioms - With and Without Explanation.
Lexicon Acquisition: Learning from Corpus by Capitalizing on Lexical Categories.
Minimal Change and Maximal Coherence for Epistemic Logic Program Updates.
Phase Transitions of the Asymmetric Traveling Salesman.
A Logical Model of Nash Bargaining Solution.
Learning Global Models Based on Distributed Data Abstractions.
Representation Theorems for Multiple Belief Changes.
Nonmonotonic Reasoning and Multiple Belief Revision.
A Reinforcement Learning Approach to job-shop Scheduling.
EPDL: A Logic for Causal Reasoning.
Reasoning About Persistence: A Theory of Actions.
Towards Generalized Rule-based Updates.
Solving Logic Program Conflict through Strong and Weak Forgettings.
Value-Centric Trust Model with Improved Familiarity Measurement.
Parametric Distance Metric Learning with Label Information.
A Novel Local Search Algorithm for the Traveling Salesman Problem that Exploits Backbones.
On the Role of Context-Specific Independence in Probabilistic Inference.
Backbone Guided Local Search for Maximum Satisfiability.
A Non-shared Binding Scheme for Parallel Prolog Implementation.
A General Expression of the Fundamental Matrix for Both Perspective and Affine Cameras.
Consistency and Set Intersection.
Dynamic Refinement of Feature Weights Using Quantitative Introspective Learning.
The Statistical Inference Method in Heuristic Search Techniques.
A Weighted Technique in Heuristic Search.
SEM: a System for Enumerating Models.
Motion Planning of Multi-Joint Robotic Arm with Topological Dimension Reduction Method.
Extracting and Representing Qualitative Behaviors of Complex Systems in Phase Spaces.
Distributed Monitoring of Hybrid Systems: A model-directed approach.
Qualitative Interpretation of Spectral Images: Reasoning with Uncertain Evidence.
Constructing Nominal X-of-N Attributes.
Visual Planning: A Practical Approach to Automated Presentation Design.
Automated Generation of Graphic Sketches by Example.
The Representation and Use of a Visual Lexicon for Automated Graphics Generation.
An Improved Grid-Based Approximation Algorithm for POMDPs.
Sparse-Memory Graph Search.
Semi-Supervised Regression with Co-Training.
Genetic Algorithm based Selective Neural Network Ensemble.
Using Learned Browsing Behavior Models to Recommend Relevant Web Pages.
Mining Video Associations for Efficient Database Management.
Remembering to Add: Competence-preserving Case-Addition Policies for Case Base Maintenance.
Optimizing Decision Quality with Contract Algorithms.
Real-Time Problem-Solving with Contract Algorithms.
Reactive Control of Dynamic Progressive Processing.
Anytime Sensing Planning and Action: A Practical Model for Robot Control.
Using Available Memory to Transform Graphplan's Search.
Negotiation and Task Sharing Among Autonomous Agents in Cooperative Domains.
Incomplete Information and Deception in Multi-Agent Negotiation.
A Domain Theory for Task Oriented Negotiation.
TAGA: Travel Market Framework in Agentcities.
Toward Consistent Descriptions in Vision Systems.
Computer Vision and Human Perception: An Essay on the Discovery of Constraints.
General Purpose Models: Expectations About The Unexpected.
Generating Concise Discourse that Addresses a Users Inferences.
Generating Discourse across Several User Models: Maximizing Belief while Avoiding Boredom and Overload.
Exploratory Interaction with a Bayesian Argumentation System.
Informedness vs. Computational Cost of Heuristics in Iterative Repair Scheduling.
Constraint Satisfaction with Delayed Evaluation.
Cooperation Structures.
Understanding Drawings by Compositional Analogy.
Conflict-Driven Answer Set Solving.
Depth Estimation Using Monocular and Stereo Cues.
Maximum Margin Coresets for Active and Noise Tolerant Learning.
Towards a Computational Model of Melody Identification in Polyphonic Music.
Embedding Non-Ground Logic Programs into Autoepistemic Logic for Knowledge-Base Combination.
Improving LRTA*(k).
Opponent Modeling in Scrabble.
Sellers Competing for Buyers in Online Markets: Reserve Prices, Shill Bids, and Auction Fees.
Exploiting Sensorimotor Coordination for Learning to Recognize Objects.
Arc Consistency during Search.
Iterated Weaker-than-Weak Dominance.
Adaptive Genetic Algorithm with Mutation and Crossover Matrices.
Correlation Clustering for Crosslingual Link Detection.
Constructing Career Histories: A Case Study in Disentangling the Threads.
Robust Human-Computer Interaction System Guiding a User by Providing Feedback.
A Fast Analytical Algorithm for Solving Markov Decision Processes with Real-Valued Resources.
Speaker-Invariant Features for Automatic Speech Recognition.
Reinforcement Learning of Local Shape in the Game of Go.
The Effect of Restarts on the Efficiency of Clause Learning.
Cooperating Reasoning Processes: More than Just the Sum of Their Parts.
Automatic Gait Optimization with Gaussian Process Regression.
Learning User Clicks in Web Search.
Automatic Decision of Piano Fingering Based on a Hidden Markov Models.
Resource Constraints on Computation and Communication in the Brain.
Reaching Envy-Free States in Distributed Negotiation Settings.
Semi-Supervised Learning for Multi-Component Data Classification.
Improving Embeddings by Flexible Exploitation of Side Information.
A Privacy-Sensitive Approach to Modeling Multi-Person Conversations.
Learning Policies for Embodied Virtual Agents through Demonstration.
Generalizing the Bias Term of Support Vector Machines.
An Analysis of Laplacian Methods for Value Function Approximation in MDPs.
Real Boosting a la Carte with an Application to Boosting Oblique Decision Tree.
Keep the Decision Tree and Estimate the Class Probabilities Using its Decision Boundary.
Efficiently Exploiting Symmetries in Real Time Dynamic Programming.
Logistic Regression Models for a Fast CBIR Method Based on Feature Selection.
Feature Selection and Kernel Design via Linear Programming.
A Convengent Solution to Tensor Subspace Learning.
Layout Analysis of Tree-Structured Scene Frames in Comic Images.
On the Automatic Scoring of Handwritten Essays.
Occam's Razor Just Got Sharper.
Near-Optimal Anytime Coalition Structure Generation.
Constraint and Variable Ordering Heuristics for Compiling Configuration Problems.
Unsupervised Anomaly Detection.
Emotions as Durative Dynamic State for Action Selection.
Information-Based Agency.
Quantified Constraint Satisfaction Problems: From Relaxations to Explanations.
Planning under Risk and Knightian Uncertainty.
Marginalized Multi-Instance Kernels.
Phonetic Models for Generating Spelling Variants.
Learning and Transferring Action Schemas.
Inferring Complex Agent Motions from Partial Trajectory Observations.
Forward Search Value Iteration for POMDPs.
Color Learning on a Mobile Robot: Towards Full Autonomy under Changing Illumination.
Visually Tracking Football Games Based on TV Broadcasts.
Emergence of Norms through Social Learning.
Detection of Cognitive States from fMRI Data Using Machine Learning Techniques.
Locality Sensitive Discriminant Analysis.
Incremental Learning of Perceptual Categories for Open-Domain Sketch Recognition.
Planning via Petri Net Unfolding.
Topological Value Iteration Algorithm for Markov Decision Processes.
A Three-Stage Neural Model for Attribute Based Classification and Indexing of Fly Ashes.
Directed Graph Embedding.
The Role of Macros in Tractable Planning over Causal Graphs.
Word Sense Disambiguation through Sememe Labeling.
Using Graph Algebra to Optimize Neighborhood for Isometric Mapping.
Boosting a Complete Technique to Find MSS and MUS Thanks to a Local Search Oracle.
Voronoi Random Fields: Extracting Topological Structure of Indoor Environments via Place Labeling.
A Logic Program Characterization of Causal Theories.
Detecting Stochastically Scheduled Activities in Video.
Incompleteness and Incomparability in Preference Aggregation.
Detect and Track Latent Factors with Online Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
A Game-Theoretic Analysis of Strictly Competitive Multiagent Scenarios.
Multi-issue Negotiation Protocol for Agents: Exploring Nonlinear Utility Spaces.
A Dual-layer CRFs Based Joint Decoding Method for Cascaded Segmentation and Labeling Tasks.
Graph Connectivity Measures for Unsupervised Word Sense Disambiguation.
Distance Constraints in Constraint Satisfaction.
Automatic Acquisition of Context-Specific Lexical Paraphrases.
Automatic Verification of Knowledge and Time with NuSMV.
Machine Learning for On-Line Hardware Reconfiguration.
Direct Code Access in Self-Organizing Neural Networks for Reinforcement Learning.
A Ranking Approach to Pronoun Resolution.
First Order Decision Diagrams for Relational MDPs.
Permanents, Transport Polytopes and Positive Definite Kernels on Histograms.
Learning to Identify Unexpected Instances in the Test Set.
Fast Image Alignment Using Anytime Algorithms.
A Logical Framework for Modularity of Ontologies.
Mediating between Qualitative and Quantitative Representations for Task-Orientated Human-Robot Interaction.
Predicting and Preventing Coordination Problems in Cooperative Q-learning Systems.
Dynamic Weighting A* Search-Based MAP Algorithm for Bayesian Networks.
GUNSAT: A Greedy Local Search Algorithm for Unsatisfiability.
Tractable Temporal Reasoning.
Case-Based Multilabel Ranking.
On the Compilation of Stratified Belief Bases under Linear and Possibilistic Logic Policies.
Explanation-Based Feature Construction.
Performance Analysis of Online Anticipatory Algorithms for Large Multistage Stochastic Integer Programs.
Improving Author Coreference by Resource-Bounded Information Gathering from the Web.
A Predictive Approach to Help-Desk Response Generation.
Optimal Soft Arc Consistency.
The Value of Observation for Monitoring Dynamic Systems.
Learning to Walk through Imitation.
Structure Inference for Bayesian Multisensory Perception and Tracking.
Edge Partitioning in External-Memory Graph Search.
Using Focal Point Learning to Improve Tactic Coordination in Human-Machine Interactions.
Web Page Clustering Using Heuristic Search in the Web Graph.
Progression of Situation Calculus Action Theories with Incomplete Information.
Augmented Experiment: Participatory Design with Multiagent Simulation.
On Mining Closed Sets in Multi-Relational Data.
Dynamic Heuristics for Backtrack Search on Tree-Decomposition of CSPs.
Higher-Order Potentialities and their Reducers: A Philosophical Foundation Unifying Dynamic Modeling Methods.
The Design of ESSENCE: A Constraint Language for Specifying Combinatorial Problems.
Trust Based Recommender System for Semantic Web.
The Ins and Outs of Critiquing.
Quality Guarantees on k-Optimal Solutions for Distributed Constraint Optimization Problems.
A Labeling Approach to the Computation of Credulous Acceptance in Argumentation.
Topological Mapping through Distributed, Passive Sensors.
A Multi-Agent Medical System for Indian Rural Infant and Child Care.
Characterizing the NP-PSPACE Gap in the Satisfiability Problem for Modal Logic.
The Fringe-Saving A* Search Algorithm - A Feasibility Study.
Efficient HPSG Parsing with Supertagging and CFG-Filtering.
SegGen: A Genetic Algorithm for Linear Text Segmentation.
Graph-Based Semi-Supervised Learning as a Generative Model.
Probabilistic Consistency Boosts MAC and SAC.
Dynamically Weighted Hidden Markov Model for Spam Deobfuscation.
Dynamic Interactions between Goals and Beliefs.
A Tighter Error Bound for Decision Tree Learning Using PAC Learnability.
Symmetry Breaking in Quantified Boolean Formulae.
Prediction of Probability of Survival in Critically Ill Patients Optimizing the Area under the ROC Curve.
Kernel Carpentry for Online Regression Using Randomly Varying Coefficient Model.
Dynamic Mixture Models for Multiple Time-Series.
Evaluating a Decision-Theoretic Approach to Tailored Example Selection.
Diagnosability Testing with Satisfiability Algorithms.
Probabilistic Mobile Manipulation in Dynamic Environments, with Application to Opening Doors.
Representing Kriegspiel States with Metapositions.
An Energy-Efficient, Multi-Agent Sensor Network for Detecting Diffuse Events.
DiPRA: Distributed Practical Reasoning Architecture.
Generalizing Temporal Controllability.
Learning Semantic Descriptions of Web Information Sources.
A Size-Based Qualitative Approach to the Representation of Spatial Granularity.
Factored Planning Using Decomposition Trees.
Mechanism Design with Partial Revelation.
A New Approach for Stereo Matching in Autonomous Mobile Robot Applications.
Deictic Option Schemas.
A Theoretical Framework for Learning Bayesian Networks with Parameter Inequality Constraints.
General Game Learning Using Knowledge Transfer.
Extracting and Visualizing Trust Relationships from Online Auction Feedback Comments.
Completing Description Logic Knowledge Bases Using Formal Concept Analysis.
Backtracking Procedures for Hypertree, HyperSpread and Connected Hypertree Decomposition of CSPs.
Building Portable Options: Skill Transfer in Reinforcement Learning.
Graph Decomposition for Efficient Multi-Robot Path Planning.
Ambiguous Part-of-Speech Tagging for Improving Accuracy and Domain Portability of Syntactic Parsers.
Fast Algorithm for Connected Row Convex Constraints.
Best-First Utility-Guided Search.
Computational Aspects of Analyzing Social Network Dynamics.
Grounding Abstractions in Predictive State Representations.
Routing Mediators.
Relational Knowledge with Predictive State Representations.
Reducing Accidental Complexity in Planning Problems.
Hybrid Elections Broaden Complexity-Theoretic Resistance to Control.
Market Based Resource Allocation with Incomplete Information.
Concept Sampling: Towards Systematic Selection in Large-Scale Mixed Concepts in Machine Learning.
Dynamics of Temporal Difference Learning.
An Empirical Study of the Noise Impact on Cost-Sensitive Learning.
Adaptation of Organizational Models for Multi-Agent Systems Based on Max Flow Networks.
Hierarchical Heuristic Forward Search in Stochastic Domains.
Formal Trust Model for Multiagent Systems.
Collaborative Inductive Logic Programming for Path Planning.
Learning Classifiers When the Training Data Is Not IID.
Compiling Bayesian Networks Using Variable Elimination.
A Scalable Kernel-Based Algorithm for Semi-Supervised Metric Learning.
Relevance Estimation and Value Calibration of Evolutionary Algorithm Parameters.
Learning to Count by Think Aloud Imitation.
A Call Admission Control Scheme Using NeuroEvolution Algorithm in Cellular Networks.
Robust Object Tracking with a Case-Base Updating Strategy.
Estimating the Rate of Web Page Updates.
Updates for Nonlinear Discriminants.
A Multiobjective Frontier Search Algorithm.
Qualitative Temporal Reasoning about Vague Events.
Diagnosers and Diagnosability of Succinct Transition Systems.
Database-Text Alignment via Structured Multilabel Classification.
Learning "Forgiving" Hash Functions: Algorithms and Large Scale Tests.
Bidding Languages and Winner Determination for Mixed Multi-unit Combinatorial Auctions.
Efficient and Robust Independence-Based Markov Network Structure Discovery.
Inferring Long-term User Properties Based on Users' Location History.
Fast (Incremental) Algorithms for Useful Classes of Simple Temporal Problems with Preferences.
SAT Encodings of State-Space Reachability Problems in Numeric Domains.
ProbLog: A Probabilistic Prolog and Its Application in Link Discovery.
Bayesian Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
An Efficient Protocol for Negotiation over Multiple Indivisible Resources.
Combining Topological and Directional Information for Spatial Reasoning.
Incremental Mechanism Design.
Abstract Interpretation of Programs for Model-Based Debugging.
Change of Representation for Statistical Relational Learning.
Epistemic Reasoning in Logic Programs.
Handling Alternative Activities in Resource-Constrained Project Scheduling Problems.
Grounding for Model Expansion in k-Guarded Formulas with Inductive Definitions.
Using the Probabilistic Logic Programming Language P-log for Causal and Counterfactual Reasoning and Non-Naive Conditioning.
Real-Time Detection of Task Switches of Desktop Users.
Computing Semantic Relatedness Using Wikipedia-based Explicit Semantic Analysis.
Complexity of Pure Equilibria in Bayesian Games.
Kernel Matrix Evaluation.
Transferring Learned Control-Knowledge between Planners.
A Distributed Architecture for Symbolic Data Fusion.
Continuous Time Associative Bandit Problems.
A General Framework for Reasoning about Inconsistency.
Optimizing Classifier Performance in Word Sense Disambiguation by Redefining Sense Classes.
Discriminative Learning of Beam-Search Heuristics for Planning.
Memory-Bounded Dynamic Programming for DEC-POMDPs.
Generating Bayes-Nash Equilibria to Design Autonomous Trading Agents.
WiFi-SLAM Using Gaussian Process Latent Variable Models.
Cluster-Based Selection of Statistical Answering Strategies.
Conflict-Based Diagnosis: Adding Uncertainty to Model-based Diagnosis.
Stable Biclustering of Gene Expression Data with Nonnegative Matrix Factorizations.
Dances with Words.
Scalable Diagnosability Checking of Event-Driven Systems.
A Fusion of Stacking with Dynamic Integration.
A Factor Graph Model for Software Bug Finding.
Real-Time Heuristic Search with a Priority Queue.
Heuristic Selection of Actions in Multiagent Reinforcement Learning.
Subtree Mining for Question Classification Problem.
Appearance Based Recognition Methodology for Recognising Fingerspelling Alphabets.
Towards Efficient Computation of Error Bounded Solutions in POMDPs: Expected Value Approximation and Dynamic Disjunctive Beliefs.
Using a Hierarchical Bayesian Model to Handle High Cardinality Attributes with Relevant Interactions in a Classification Problem.
Compiling Bayesian Networks by Symbolic Probability Calculation Based on Zero-Suppressed BDDs.
Managing Domain Knowledge and Multiple Models with Boosting.
Automated Heart Wall Motion Abnormality Detection from Ultrasound Images Using Bayesian Networks.
Collapsed Variational Dirichlet Process Mixture Models.
Is the Turing Test Good Enough? The Fallacy of Resource-Unbounded Intelligence.
Supervised Latent Semantic Indexing Using Adaptive Sprinkling.
On Reversing Actions: Algorithms and Complexity.
Information-Theoretic Approaches to Branching in Search.
Planning for Temporally Extended Goals as Propositional Satisfiability.
Techniques for Efficient Interactive Configuration of Distribution Networks.
Peripheral-Foveal Vision for Real-time Object Recognition and Tracking in Video.
Optimistic Active-Learning Using Mutual Information.
Nogood Recording from Restarts.
Team Programming in Golog under Partial Observability.
ItemRank: A Random-Walk Based Scoring Algorithm for Recommender Engines.
Using a Mobile Robot for Cognitive Mapping.
On Natural Language Processing and Plan Recognition.
What You Seek Is What You Get: Extraction of Class Attributes from Query Logs.
Computation of Initial Modes for K-modes Clustering Algorithm Using Evidence Accumulation.
One Class per Named Entity: Exploiting Unlabeled Text for Named Entity Recognition.
RoxyBot-06: An (SAA)2 TAC Travel Agent.
Models of Searching and Browsing: Languages, Studies, and Application.
Shallow Semantics for Coreference Resolution.
Morphological Annotation of a Large Spontaneous Speech Corpus in Japanese.
Using Ontologies and the Web to Learn Lexical Semantics.
Semantic Indexing of a Competence Map to Support Scientific Collaboration in a Research Community.
Case Base Mining for Adaptation Knowledge Acquisition.
Learning from Partial Observations.
A Fully Connectionist Model Generator for Covered First-Order Logic Programs.
A Comparison of Time-Space Schemes for Graphical Models.
Argumentation Based Contract Monitoring in Uncertain Domains.
Lambda Depth-First Proof Number Search and Its Application to Go.
Kernel Conjugate Gradient for Fast Kernel Machines.
Semantic Precision and Recall for Ontology Alignment Evaluation.
Loopy SAM.
Incremental Construction of Structured Hidden Markov Models.
An Axiomatic Approach to Personalized Ranking Systems.
Natural Language Query Recommendation in Conversation Systems.
Extracting Chatbot Knowledge from Online Discussion Forums.
Sharing the Road: Autonomous Vehicles Meet Human Drivers.
An Adaptive Context-Based Algorithm for Term Weighting: Application to Single-Word Question Answering.
Entailment Semantics for Rules with Priorities.
Holonic Multiagent Multilevel Simulation: Application to Real-Time Pedestrian Simulation in Urban Environment.
Gossip-Based Aggregation of Trust in Decentralized Reputation Systems.
Logical Circuit Filtering.
A Conceptual Graph Approach for the Generation of Referring Expressions.
An Action Description Language for Iterated Belief Change.
Waiting and Relocation Strategies in Online Stochastic Vehicle Routing.
Efficient Planning of Informative Paths for Multiple Robots.
Learning by Analogy: A Classification Rule for Binary and Nominal Data.
Face Recognition via the Overlapping Energy Histogram.
New Constraint Programming Approaches for the Computation of Leximin-Optimal Solutions in Constraint Networks.
Multi-Winner Elections: Complexity of Manipulation, Control and Winner-Determination.
Dealing with Perception Errors in Multi-Robot System Coordination.
The Mathematical Morpho-Logical View on Reasoning about Space.
Self-Adaptive Neural Networks Based on a Poisson Approach for Knowledge Discovery.
Infeasibility Certificates and the Complexity of the Core in Coalitional Games.
Solving POMDPs Using Quadratically Constrained Linear Programs.
Symmetric Component Caching.
Property Persistence in the Situation Calculus.
An Analysis of the Use of Tags in a Blog Recommender System.
From Sampling to Model Counting.
Global/Local Dynamic Models.
Conservative Extensions in Expressive Description Logics.
Qualitative Spatial and Temporal Reasoning: Efficient Algorithms for Everyone.
MB-DPOP: A New Memory-Bounded Algorithm for Distributed Optimization.
Building Structure into Local Search for SAT.
Conflict Directed Backjumping for Max-CSPs.
A Decision-Theoretic Model of Assistance.
Probabilistic Go Theories.
Transfer Learning in Real-Time Strategy Games Using Hybrid CBR/RL.
From Generic Knowledge to Specific Reasoning for Medical Image Interpretation Using Graph based Representations.
OSS: A Semantic Similarity Function based on Hierarchical Ontologies.
An Information-Theoretic Analysis of Memory Bounds in a Distributed Resource Allocation Mechanism.
Unsupervised Discretization Using Kernel Density Estimation.
Iterated Belief Contraction from First Principles.
Learning Implied Global Constraints.
Coalitional Bargaining with Agent Type Uncertainty.
Identifying Expressions of Opinion in Context.
Distributed Data Mining: Why Do More Than Aggregating Models.
Instace-Based AMN Classification for Improved Object Recognition in 2D and 3D Laser Range Data.
Generalized Interval Projection: A New Technique for Consistent Domain Extension.
Feature Based Occupancy Grid Maps for Sonar Based Safe-Mapping.
A Hybrid Ontology Directed Feedback Selection Algorithm for Supporting Creative Problem Solving Dialogues.
Searching for Interacting Features.
Dynamic Verification of Trust in Distributed Open Systems.
A Dynamic Approach for MPE and Weighted MAX-SAT.
When is Temporal Planning Really Temporal?
Pseudo-Aligned Multilingual Corpora.
Spiteful Bidding in Sealed-Bid Auctions.
Efficient Calculation of Personalized Document Rankings.
Online Speed Adaptation Using Supervised Learning for High-Speed, Off-Road Autonomous Driving.
State Space Search for Risk-Averse Agents.
Learning from the Report-writing Behavior of Individuals.
Non-monotonic Temporal Logics for Goal Specification.
AEMS: An Anytime Online Search Algorithm for Approximate Policy Refinement in Large POMDPs.
A Study of Residual Supports in Arc Consistency.
Selective Supervision: Guiding Supervised Learning with Decision-Theoretic Active Learning.
An Experts Algorithm for Transfer Learning.
Contextual Default Reasoning.
QuantMiner: A Genetic Algorithm for Mining Quantitative Association Rules.
Multipotential Games.
Sequence Labelling in Structured Domains with Hierarchical Recurrent Neural Networks.
Efficient Bayesian Task-Level Transfer Learning.
Word Sense Disambiguation with Spreading Activation Networks Generated from Thesauri.
Operator Component Matrix Model for IMP Program Diagnosis.
Exploiting Inference Rules to Compute Lower Bounds for MAX-SAT Solving.
Description Logics with Approximate Definitions - Precise Modeling of Vague Concepts.
r-grams: Relational Grams.
Feature Mining and Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System for Steganalysis of LSB Matching Stegangoraphy in Grayscale Images.
Bayesian Tensor Inference for Sketch-Based Facial Photo Hallucination.
Effective Control Knowledge Transfer through Learning Skill and Representation Hierarchies.
Multi-Agent System that Attains Longevity via Death.
Semi-Supervised Learning of Attribute-Value Pairs from Product Descriptions.
Consistency Checking of Basic Cardinal Constraints over Connected Regions.
Neighborhood MinMax Projections.
A Machine Learning Approach for Statistical Software Testing.
Detecting Changes in Unlabeled Data Streams Using Martingale.
Automatic Synthesis of New Behaviors from a Library of Available Behaviors.
Conjunctive Query Answering for the Description Logic SHIQ.
Simple Training of Dependency Parsers via Structured Boosting.
Constructing New and Better Evaluation Measures for Machine Learning.
Automated Design of Multistage Mechanisms.
Hierarchical Multi-channel Hidden Semi Markov Models.
On Valued Negation Normal Form Formulas.
Characterizing Solution Concepts in Games Using Knowledge-Based Programs.
On Modeling Multiagent Task Scheduling as a Distributed Constraint Optimization Problem.
Fast Planning with Iterative Macros.
Interactive Clustering of Text Collections According to a User-Specified Criterion.
Ranking Alternatives on the Basis of Generic Constraints and Examples - A Possibilistic Approach.
All Common Subsequences.
Manifold-Ranking Based Topic-Focused Multi-Document Summarization.
Belief Update Revisited.
Multi-Document Summarization by Maximizing Informative Content-Words.
Mining Complex Patterns across Sequences with Gap Requirements.
A Hybridized Planner for Stochastic Domains.
Avoidance of Model Re-Induction in SVM-Based Feature Selection for Text Categorization.
Constraint Partitioning for Solving Planning Problems with Trajectory Constraints and Goal Preferences.
Fault-Model-Based Test Generation for Embedded Software.
Recursive Random Fields.
Image Modeling Using Tree Structured Conditional Random Fields.
A Primitive Based Generative Model to Infer Timing Information in Unpartitioned Handwriting Data.
Vote and Aggregation in Combinatorial Domains with Structured Preferences.
A Model for Collective Strategy Diffusion in Agent Social Law Evolution.
Model-Based Optimization of Testing through Reduction of Stimuli.
Metric Properties of Structured Data Visualizations through Generative Probabilistic Modeling.
Training Conditional Random Fields Using Virtual Evidence Boosting.
Towards an Integration of Golog and Planning.
Semi-Supervised Gaussian Process Classifiers.
Extracting Keyphrases to Represent Relations in Social Networks from Web.
Learning and Multiagent Reasoning for Autonomous Agents.
AWA* - A Window Constrained Anytime Heuristic Search Algorithm.
Planning for Gene Regulatory Network Intervention.
Surprise as Shortcut for Anticipation: Clustering Mental States in Reasoning.
A General Framework for Scheduling in a Stochastic Environment.
Semantic Smoothing of Document Models for Agglomerative Clustering.
Average-Reward Decentralized Markov Decision Processes.
Case-based Learning from Proactive Communication.
Learning Question Paraphrases for QA from Encarta Logs.
Query-Driven Constraint Acquisition.
Generalized Additive Bayesian Network Classifiers.
Ensembles of Partially Trained SVMs with Multiplicative Updates.
Domain Independent Approaches for Finding Diverse Plans.
IJCAI-07 Reviewers.
Combining Learning and Word Sense Disambiguation for Intelligent User Profiling.
Fast Incremental Square Root Information Smoothing.
Optimal Multi-Sensor Based Multi Target Detection by Moving Sensors to the Maximal Clique in a Covering Graph.
Locating Complex Named Entities in Web Text.
Exploiting Image Contents in Web Search.
Online Learning and Exploiting Relational Models in Reinforcement Learning.
Utile Distinctions for Relational Reinforcement Learning.
Planning with Goal Utility Dependencies.
Modeling When Connections Are the Problem.
Inside-Outside Probability Computation for Belief Propagation.
A Lattice-Based Approach to Computing Warranted Beliefs in Skeptical Argumentation Frameworks.
Open Information Extraction from the Web.
Quantified Coalition Logic.
Complexity Results for Checking Equivalence of Stratified Logic Programs.
Protein Quaternary Fold Recognition Using Conditional Graphical Models.
Learning Restart Strategies.
A New Perspective on Stable Models.
Communicating Effectively in Resource-Constrained Multi-Agent Systems.
Case-Based Techniques Used for Dialogue Understanding and Planning in a Human-Robot Dialogue System.
Analogical Learning in a Turn-Based Strategy Game.
Chronicle Recognition Improvement Using Temporal Focusing and Hierarchization.
Context-Driven Predictions.
Truthful Risk-Managed Combinatorial Auctions.
Sequence Prediction Exploiting Similary Information.
Boosting Kernel Discriminant Analysis and Its Application on Tissue Classification of Gene Expression Data.
Determining Expert Profiles (With an Application to Expert Finding).
On the Logic of Normative Systems.
The Logic Behind Weighted CSP.
A Description Logic of Change.
A Heuristic Search Approach to Planning with Temporally Extended Preferences.
QCSP Made Practical by Virtue of Restricted Quantification.
Coalitions in Action Logic.
Exploiting Known Taxonomies in Learning Overlapping Concepts.
EQL-Lite: Effective First-Order Query Processing in Description Logics.
Multi-Dimensional Bid Improvement Algorithm for Simultaneous Auctions.
Using Linear Programming for Bayesian Exploration in Markov Decision Processes.
An Improved Probabilistic Ant based Clustering for Distributed Databases.
Long-Distance Mutual Exclusion for Propositional Planning.
Privacy and Artificial Agents, or, Is Google Reading My Email?
A Framework for Decentralized Qualitative Model-Based Diagnosis.
Exploiting Independence in a Decentralised and Incremental Approach of Diagnosis.
Belief Change Based on Global Minimisation.
Opinion Sentence Search Engine on Open-Domain Blog.
Coordination to Avoid Starvation of Bottleneck Agents in a Large Network System.
State Similarity Based Approach for Improving Performance in RL.
Conditional Constraint Satisfaction: Logical Foundations and Complexity.
A Dual-Pathway Neural Network Model of Control Relinquishment in Motor Skill Learning.
Some Effects of a Reduced Relational Vocabulary on the Whodunit Problem.
Revisiting Output Coding for Sequential Supervised Learning.
Self-Adjusting Ring Modules (SARMs) for Flexible Gait Pattern Generation.
Observation Reduction for Strong Plans.
Improving Anytime Point-Based Value Iteration Using Principled Point Selections.
Named Entity Translation with Web Mining and Transliteration.
Sequential Bundle-Bid Single-Sale Auction Algorithms for Decentralized Control.
Recent Progress in Heuristic Search: A Case Study of the Four-Peg Towers of Hanoi Problem.
Winner Determination in Sequential Majority Voting.
From Answer Set Logic Programming to Circumscription via Logic of GK.
Automatically Selecting Answer Templates to Respond to Customer Emails.
Providing a Recommended Trading Agent to a Population: A Novel Approach.
Enhancing MAS Cooperative Search Through Coalition Partitioning.
Modelling Well-Structured Argumentation Lines.
A Flexible Unsupervised PP-Attachment Method Using Semantic Information.
Improving Activity Discovery with Automatic Neighborhood Estimation.
An Extension to Conformant Planning Using Logic Programming.
A Faithful Integration of Description Logics with Logic Programming.
Expectation Failure as a Basis for Agent-Based Model Diagnosis and Mixed Initiative Model Adaptation during Anomalous Plan Execution.
Local Search for Balanced Submodular Clusterings.
Co-Localization from Labeled and Unlabeled Data Using Graph Laplacian.
PC-DPOP: A New Partial Centralization Algorithm for Distributed Optimization.
Efficient Failure Detection on Mobile Robots Using Particle Filters with Gaussian Process Proposals.
Automated Benchmark Model Generators for Model-Based Diagnostic Inference.
Acquiring a Robust Case Base for the Robot Soccer Domain.
Document Summarization Using Conditional Random Fields.
Parametric Kernels for Sequence Data Analysis.
Hierarchical Diagnosis of Multiple Faults.
Formalizing Communication Protocols for Multiagent Systems.
Control of Agent Swarms Using Generalized Centroidal Cyclic Pursuit Laws.
An Experience on Reputation Models Interoperability Based on a Functional Ontology.
Common Sense Based Joint Training of Human Activity Recognizers.
Representations for Action Selection Learning from Real-Time Observation of Task Experts.
IJCAI-07 Awards and Distinguished Papers.
Using Learned Policies in Heuristic-Search Planning.
Towards Runtime Behavior Adaptation for Embodied Characters.
MESH-Based Active Monte Carlo Recognition (MESH-AMCR).
Prototypes for Medical Case-Based Applications.
An Infrastructure for Mining Medical Multimedia Data.
Efficient String Mining under Constraints Via the Deferred Frequency Index.
Maximum Margin Active Learning for Sequence Labeling with Different Length.
Using Data Mining to Build Integrated Discrete Event Simulations.
CPLClustering with Feature Costs.
Local Modelling in Classification.
Relative Linkage Disequilibrium: A New Measure for Association Rules.
Improving Imbalanced Multidimensional Dataset Learner Performance with Artificial Data Generation: Density-Based Class-Boost Algorithm.
An Efficient Similarity Searching Algorithm Based on Clustering for Time Series.
WebAngels Filter: A Violent Web Filtering Engine Using Textual and Structural Content-Based Analysis.
Generalized Graph Matching for Data Mining and Information Retrieval.
Data Mining with Neural Networks for Wheat Yield Prediction.
Weighted Association Rule Mining from Binary and Fuzzy Data.
An Exploration into the Power of Formal Concept Analysis for Domestic Violence Analysis.
Contrast-Set Mining of Aircraft Accidents and Incidents.
An Application for Electroencephalogram Mining for Epileptic Seizure Prediction.
Hopfield Networks in Relevance and Redundancy Feature Selection Applied to Classification of Biomedical High-Resolution Micro-CT Images.
GEP-Induced Expression Trees as Weak Classifiers.
Browsing Assistance Service for Intranet Information Systems.
Designing Specific Weighted Similarity Measures to Improve Collaborative Filtering Systems.
Mining Unexpected Web Usage Behaviors.
Control Charts of Workflows.
Autonomous Forex Trading Agents.
Modelling Medical Time Series Using Grammar-Guided Genetic Programming.
Noisy Image Segmentation by a Robust Clustering Algorithm Based on DC Programming and DCA.
Realizing Modularized Knowledge Models for Heterogeneous Application Domains.
Leatherbacks Matching by Automated Image Recognition.
Projection with Double Nonlinear Integrals for Classification.
Experiences Using Clustering and Generalizations for Knowledge Discovery in Melanomas Domain.
A Comparative Impact Study of Attribute Selection Techniques on Naïve Bayes Spam Filters.
The Impact of Noise in Spam Filtering: A Case Study.
Relational Markov models and their application to adaptive web navigation.
Fast nonlinear regression via eigenimages applied to galactic morphology.
ADtrees for Fast Counting and for Fast Learning of Association Rules.
STAR: A General Architecture for the Support of Distortion Oriented Displays.
Visual Classification: An Interactive Approach to Decision Tree Construction.
Learning First Order Logic Rules with a Genetic Algorithm.
CCCS: a top-down associative classifier for imbalanced class distribution.
A Statistical Theory for Quantitative Association Rules.
An Efficient Algorithm to Update Large Itemsets with Early Pruning.
Sequential PAttern mining using a bitmap representation.
Adaptive duplicate detection using learnable string similarity measures.
Random projection in dimensionality reduction: applications to image and text data.
Group formation in large social networks: membership, growth, and evolution.
Topics in 0--1 data.
Robust information-theoretic clustering.
An iterative hypothesis-testing strategy for pattern discovery.
A Classification-Based Methodology for Planning Audit Strategies in Fraud Detection.
Mining Association Rules in Hypertext Databases.
Clustering time series from ARMA models with clipped data.
ANN quality diagnostic models for packaging manufacturing: an industrial data mining case study.
The architecture of complexity: the structure and the dynamics of networks, from the web to the cell.
Cross channel optimized marketing by reinforcement learning.
A generalized maximum entropy approach to bregman co-clustering and matrix approximation.
An iterative method for multi-class cost-sensitive learning.
Generative model-based clustering of directional data.
Outlier detection by active learning.
Model-based overlapping clustering.
Outlier detection by sampling with accuracy guarantees.
An objective evaluation criterion for clustering.
Deriving quantitative models for correlation clusters.
Using the fractal dimension to cluster datasets.
Data mining case study: modeling the behavior of offenders who commit serious sexual assaults.
Extracting decision trees from trained neural networks.
Discovery of Actionable Patterns in Databases: The Action Hierarchy Approach.
Global distance-based segmentation of trajectories.
User Profiling in Personalization Applications Through Rule Discovery and Validation.
Detecting outliers using transduction and statistical testing.
Approximating a collection of frequent sets.
Using Approximations to Scale Exploratory Data Analysis in Datacubes.
Shrinkage estimator generalizations of Proximal Support Vector Machines.
Architecting a knowledge discovery engine for military commanders utilizing massive runs of simulations.
Depth first generation of long patterns.
A probabilistic framework for semi-supervised clustering.
Learning to rank networked entities.
Evaluating the novelty of text-mined rules using lexical knowledge.
Spatial scan statistics: approximations and performance study.
Detecting Change in Categorical Data: Mining Contrast Sets.
A human-computer cooperative system for effective high dimensional clustering.
On effective classification of strings with wavelets.
Multivariate discretization of continuous variables for set mining.
Using randomized response techniques for privacy-preserving data mining.
Collaborative crawling: mining user experiences for topical resource discovery.
Mining distance-based outliers in near linear time with randomization and a simple pruning rule.
Towards systematic design of distance functions for data mining applications.
Brute-Force Mining of High-Confidence Classification Rules.
Towards exploratory test instance specific algorithms for high dimensional classification.
Mining the Most Interesting Rules.
On the Merits of Building Categorization Systems by Supervised Clustering.
Automating exploratory data analysis for efficient data mining.
On demand classification of data streams.
Agglomerative clustering of a search engine query log.
Mining massively incomplete data sets by conceptual reconstruction.
Frequent term-based text clustering.
On privacy preservation against adversarial data mining.
Discovery and Maintenance of Functional Dependencies by Independencies.
Online Generation of Profile Association Rules.
Horting Hatches an Egg: A New Graph-Theoretic Approach to Collaborative Filtering.
The IGrid index: reversing the dimensionality curse for similarity indexing in high dimensional space.
A theoretical framework for learning from a pool of disparate data sources.
Mining reference tables for automatic text segmentation.
Exploiting unlabeled data in ensemble methods.
Identifying "best bet" web search results by mining past user behavior.
Density-Based Indexing for Approximate Nearest-Neighbor Queries.
Applications of generalized support vector machines to predictive modeling.
MARK: a boosting algorithm for heterogeneous kernel models.
Next frontier.
Independence Diagrams: A Technique for Visual Data Mining.
Data Mining: Crossing the Chasm (Invited talk, Abstract only).
Visualization and interactive feature selection for unsupervised data.
The Quest Data Mining System.
Active Data Mining.
Developing Tightly-Coupled Data Mining Applications on a Relational Database System.
Applying Data Mining and Machine Learning Techniques to Submarine Intelligence Analysis.
Recovering latent time-series from their observed sums: network tomography with particle filters.
A framework for analysis of dynamic social networks.
Interactive training of advanced classifiers for mining remote sensing image archives.
Golden Path Analyzer: using divide-and-conquer to cluster Web clickstreams.
Interactive path analysis of web site traffic.
Partial Classification Using Association Rules.
TiVo: making show recommendations using a distributed collaborative filtering architecture.
Integration of profile hidden Markov model output into association rule mining.
An adaptive nearest neighbor search for a parts acquisition ePortal.
Fast ordering of large categorical datasets for better visualization.
Scalable robust covariance and correlation estimates for data mining.
CLOUDS: A Decision Tree Classifier for Large Datasets.
Mining high dimensional data for classifier knowledge.
Challenges for knowledge discovery in biology.
Towards an effective cooperation of the user and the computer for classification.
On the potential of domain literature for clustering and Bayesian network learning.
Evolutionary algorithms in data mining: multi-objective performance modeling for direct marketing.
Query-time entity resolution.
Direct Marketing Response Models Using Genetic Algorithms.
Segmentation-based modeling for advanced targeted marketing.
Computer aided detection via asymmetric cascade of sparse hyperplane classifiers.
The "DGX" distribution for mining massive, skewed data.
Style mining of electronic messages for multiple authorship discrimination: first results.
Column-generation boosting methods for mixture of kernels.
A Linear Method for Deviation Detection in Large Databases.
Increasing the Efficiency of Data Mining Algorithms with Breadth-First Marker Propagation.
Exploiting Background Knowledge in Automated Discovery.
Systematic data selection to mine concept-drifting data streams.
Using a Hybrid Neural/Expert System for Data Base Mining in Market Survey Data.
Exploring the community structure of newsgroups.
Hardening soft information sources.
Scaling Clustering Algorithms to Large Databases.
NonStop SQL/MX Primitives for Knowledge Discovery.
Process-Based Database Support for the Early Indicator Method.
Joins that Generalize: Text Classification Using WHIRL.
Efficient anonymity-preserving data collection.
Learning to match and cluster large high-dimensional data sets for data integration.
A data mining framework for optimal product selection in retail supermarket data: the generalized PROFSET model.
Exploiting dictionaries in named entity extraction: combining semi-Markov extraction processes and data integration methods.
Using Association Rules for Product Assortment Decisions: A Case Study.
Understanding captions in biomedical publications.
Mining Optimized Gain Rules for Numeric Attributes.
Fast window correlations over uncooperative time series.
A robust and scalable clustering algorithm for mixed type attributes in large database environment.
Deformable Markov model templates for time-series pattern matching.
Efficient data reduction with EASE.
Parallel mining of closed sequential patterns.
MineSet: An Integrated System for Data Mining.
Informed knowledge discovery: using prior knowledge in discovery programs (invited talk, abstract only).
Capacity and Complexity Control in Predicting the Spread Between Borrowing and Lending Interest Rates.
Model compression.
Hancock: a language for extracting signatures from data streams.
DualMiner: a dual-pruning algorithm for itemsets with constraints.
Limits on Learning Machine Accuracy Imposed by Data Quality.
Giga-Mining.
Out-of-core frequent pattern mining on a commodity PC.
Information Mining Platforms: An Infrastructure for KDD Rapid Deployment.
Data mining criteria for tree-based regression and classification.
Visualization and the process of modeling: a cognitive-theoretic view.
Towards Automated Synthesis of Data Mining Programs.
Predicting customer shopping lists from point-of-sale purchase data.
Intelligent Instruments: Discovering How to Turn Spectral Data into Information.
Mining Knowledge in Noisy Audio Data.
Classification features for attack detection in collaborative recommender systems.
Discovery net: towards a grid of knowledge discovery.
A general probabilistic framework for clustering individuals and objects.
E-metrics: tomorrow's business metrics today (invited talk, abstract only).
Visualization of navigation patterns on a Web site using model-based clustering.
Adversarial classification.
Probabilistic modeling of transaction data with applications to profiling, visualization, and prediction.
Applying a Data Miner To Heterogeneous Schema Integration.
Mining rank-correlated sets of numerical attributes.
Rule Discovery from Time Series.
Feature selection in scientific applications.
Probabilistic discovery of time series motifs.
Discovering similar patterns in time series.
Similarity of Attributes by External Probes.
Gaining insights into support vector machine pattern classifiers using projection-based tour methods.
Belief state approaches to signaling alarms in surveillance systems.
Scalable discovery of hidden emails from large folders.
Variable latent semantic indexing.
Blurring the Distinction between Command and Data in Scientific KDD.
Identifying prospective customers.
Making holistic schema matching robust: an ensemble approach.
Mining citizen science data to predict orevalence of wild bird species.
Data quality through knowledge engineering.
Data mining in metric space: an empirical analysis of supervised learning performance criteria.
Single-pass online learning: performance, voting schemes and online feature selection.
Extracting semantics from data cubes using cube transversals and closures.
Zeta: A Global Method for Discretization of Continuous Variables.
Onboard classifiers for science event detection on a remote sensing spacecraft.
Estimating business targets.
Among those dark electronic mills: privacy and data mining (invited talk, abstract only).
A general approach to incorporate data quality matrices into data mining algorithms.
Data mining challenges in the automotive domain.
Locating secret messages in images.
Applying General Bayesian Techniques to Improve TAN Induction.
Bayesian Networks for Lossless Dataset Compression.
Proposal and Empirical Comparison of a Parallelizable Distance-Based Discretization Method.
Translation-invariant mixture models for curve clustering.
Rough Sets Similarity-Based Learning from Databases.
Evolutionary clustering.
Pattern discovery in sequences under a Markov assumption.
Mining and summarizing customer reviews.
Fully automatic cross-associations.
Estimating the global pagerank of web communities.
Mining Multivariate Time-Series Sensor Data to Discover Behavior Envelopes.
Probabilistic Modeling for Information Retrieval with Unsupervised Training Data.
Alpha seeding for support vector machines.
Learning Arbiter and Combiner Trees from Partitioned Data for Scaling Machine Learning.
Interactive Interpretation of Kohonen Maps Applied to Curves.
Sharing Learned Models among Remote Database Partitions by Local Meta-Learning.
Finding Frequent Substructures in Chemical Compounds.
Toward Scalable Learning with Non-Uniform Class and Cost Distributions: A Case Study in Credit Card Fraud Detection.
A rank sum test method for informative gene discovery.
Finding recent frequent itemsets adaptively over online data streams.
Parallel computation of high dimensional robust correlation and covariance matrices.
Occam's Two Razors: The Sharp and the Blunt.
Large Scale Data Mining: Challenges and Responses.
CVS: a Correlation-Verification based Smoothing technique on information retrieval and term clustering.
A general model for clustering binary data.
The PanQ Tool and EMF SQL for Complex Data Management.
Exploiting Upper Approximation in the Rough Set Methodology.
An Interactive Visualization Environment for Data Exploration.
LIPED: HMM-based life profiles for adaptive event detection.
Co-clustering documents and words using bipartite spectral graph partitioning.
PVA: a self-adaptive personal view agent system.
Kernel k-means: spectral clustering and normalized cuts.
A fast kernel-based multilevel algorithm for graph clustering.
A Bayesian network classifier with inverse tree structure for voxelwise magnetic resonance image analysis.
NeMoFinder: dissecting genome-wide protein-protein interactions with meso-scale network motifs.
Enhanced word clustering for hierarchical text classification.
A new two-phase sampling based algorithm for discovering association rules.
Information-theoretic co-clustering.
Failure detection and localization in component based systems by online tracking.
Data mining techniques for optimizing inventories for electronic commerce.
Incremental quantile estimation for massive tracking.
A spectral method to separate disconnected and nearly-disconnected web graph components.
Orthogonal nonnegative matrix t-factorizations for clustering.
GESS: a scalable similarity-join algorithm for mining large data sets in high dimensional spaces.
Web mining from competitors' websites.
Entropy-based Subspace Clustering for Mining Numerical Data.
IncSpan: incremental mining of sequential patterns in large database.
Analyzing the Benefits of Domain Knowledge in Substructure Discovery.
Growing Simpler Decision Trees to Facilitate Knowledge Discovery.
SECRET: a scalable linear regression tree algorithm.
Maintenance of Discovered Knowledge: A Case in Multi-Level Association Rules.
Linear-Time Rule Induction.
Efficient Specific-to-General Rule Induction.
Why Does Bagging Work? A Bayesian Account and its Implications.
Using Artificial Intelligence Planning to Automate Science Data Analysis for Large Image Databases.
FlexiMine - A Flexible Platform for KDD Research and Application Construction.
Designing Neural Networks from Statistical Models: A New Approach to Data Exploration.
Instability of decision tree classification algorithms.
MetaCost: A General Method for Making Classifiers Cost-Sensitive.
Mining high-speed data streams.
Mining the network value of customers.
An approach to spacecraft anomaly detection problem using kernel feature space.
Efficient Mining of Emerging Patterns: Discovering Trends and Differences.
Mining the internet: the eighth wonder of the world.
Early detection of insider trading in option markets.
Local Induction of Decision Trees: Towards Interactive Data Mining.
Text Mining: Finding Nuggets in Mountains of Textual Data.
Data selection for support vector machine classifiers.
Fast Committee Machines for Regression and Classification.
Proximal support vector machine classifiers.
Explicitly representing expected cost: an alternative to ROC representation.
Rule extraction from linear support vector machines.
Applications of sampling and fractional factorial designs to model-free data squashing.
Empirical bayes screening for multi-item associations.
Efficient closed pattern mining in the presence of tough block constraints.
A Fast Computer Intrusion Detection Algorithm Based on Hypothesis Testing of Command Transition Probabilities.
SyMP: an efficient clustering approach to identify clusters of arbitrary shapes in large data sets.
Knowledge-Based Scientific Discovery in Geological Databases.
Squashing Flat Files Flatter.
Trajectory Clustering with Mixtures of Regression Models.
Knowledge Discovery in a Water Quality Database.
Data mining: are we there yet?
Structured and Unstructured Induction with EDAGs.
SEWeP: using site semantics and a taxonomy to enhance the Web personalization process.
Improving Scalability in a Scientific Discovery System by Exploiting Parallelism.
Inverted matrix: efficient discovery of frequent items in large datasets in the context of interactive mining.
From run-time behavior to usage scenarios: an interaction-pattern mining approach.
Accurate decision trees for mining high-speed data streams.
A Statistical Perspective On Knowledge Discovery In Databases.
Mining Entity-Identification Rules for Database Integration.
Tina Eliassi-Rad, Terence Critchlow, Ghaleb Abdulla.
CACTUS - Clustering Categorical Data Using Summaries.
Magical thinking in data mining: lessons from CoIL challenge 2000.
Discovering significant OPSM subspace clusters in massive gene expression data.
Consistent bipartite graph co-partitioning for star-structured high-order heterogeneous data co-clustering.
Planning Tasks for Knowledge Discovery in Databases; Performing Task-Oriented User-Guidance.
Data mining with sparse grids using simplicial basis functions.
A Guided Tour through the Data Mining Jungle.
Data mining solves tough semiconductor manufacturing problems.
Efficient algorithms for constructing decision trees with constraints.
Algorithms for Characterization and Trend Detection in Spatial Databases.
Mining the stock market (extended abstract): which measure is best?
A microeconomic data mining problem: customer-oriented catalog segmentation.
Web site mining: a new way to spot competitors, customers and suppliers in the world wide web.
A Density-Based Algorithm for Discovering Clusters in Large Spatial Databases with Noise.
Predictive modeling in automotive direct marketing: tools, experiences and open issues.
Density-Connected Sets and their Application for Trend Detection in Spatial Databases.
A Database Interface for Clustering in Large Spatial Databases.
A component-based framework for knowledge discovery in bioinformatics.
Price prediction and insurance for online auctions.
To buy or not to buy: mining airfare data to minimize ticket purchase price.
Funnel report mining for the MSN network.
Online novelty detection on temporal sequences.
Privacy preserving mining of association rules.
k-TTP: a new privacy model for large-scale distributed environments.
Regularized multi--task learning.
Dimension induced clustering.
Knowledge Discovery in Telecommunication Services Data Using Bayesian Network Models.
Fragments of order.
Data Mining with Sparse and Simplified Interaction Selection.
Assessing data mining results via swap randomization.
Fast discovery of connection subgraphs.
Algorithms for discovering bucket orders from data.
Reverse testing: an efficient framework to select amongst classifiers under sample selection bias.
Deriving marketing intelligence from online discussion.
Mining images on semantics via statistical learning.
Available Technology for Discovering Causal Models, Building Bayes Nets, and Selecting Predictors: The TETRAD II Program.
A general framework for accurate and fast regression by data summarization in random decision trees.
Scaling multi-class support vector machines using inter-class confusion.
The Application of AdaBoost for Distributed, Scalable and On-Line Learning.
Mining tree queries in a graph.
Tumor cell identification using features rules.
Hybrid Poisson process.
Creating social networks to improve peer-to-peer networking.
Restructuring Databases for Knowledge Discovery by Consolidation and Link Formation.
Combining Data Mining and Machine Learning for Effective User Profiling.
Non-redundant clustering with conditional ensembles.
Activity Monitoring: Noticing Interesting Changes in Behavior.
Knowledge Discovery and the Interface of Computing and Statistics.
KDD for Science Data Analysis: Issues and Examples.
Decision support in the booming e-world (invited talk, abstract only).
Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: Towards a Unifying Framework.
On the Efficient Gathering of Sufficient Statistics for Classification from Large SQL Databases.
On-line science: the world-wide telescope as a prototype for the new computational science.
Initialization of Iterative Refinement Clustering Algorithms.
Coactive Learning for Distributed Data Mining.
Learning from Biased Data Using Mixture Models.
Mining in the Presence of Selectivity Bias and its Application to Reject Inference.
Harnessing the Human in Knowledge Discovery.
Data Mining for Loan Evaluation at ABN AMRO: A Case Study.
Text mining (workshop session - title only).
Data Mining and Tree-Based Optimization.
Maximal Association Rules: A New Tool for Mining for Keyword Co-Occurrences in Document Collections.
The predictive power of online chatter.
Knowledge Discovery in Textual Databases (KDT).
Correlating synchronous and asynchronous data streams.
Mining Associations in Text in the Presence of Background Knowledge.
Wavelet synopsis for data streams: minimizing non-euclidean error.
Visualization Techniques to Explore Data Mining Results for Document Collections.
Unweaving a web of documents.
A framework for specifying explicit bias for revision of approximate information extraction rules.
Optimization and Simplification of Hierarchical Clusterings.
A Web page prediction model based on click-stream tree representation of user behavior.
Efficient identification of Web communities.
Mining relational data through correlation-based multiple view validation.
A Genetic Algorithm-Based Approach to Data Mining.
An Assessment of PrIL.
Quantifying trends accurately despite classifier error and class imbalance.
Event Detection from Time Series Data.
Finding similar files in large document repositories.
Pattern Directed Mining of Sequence Data.
Pragmatic text mining: minimizing human effort to quantify many issues in call logs.
Mining IC test data to optimize VLSI testing.
Farming the Web for Systematic Business Intelligence (Invited talk, Abstract only).
Experiments with random projections for machine learning.
Deep Knowledge Discovery from Natural Language Texts.
Integrating feature and instance selection for text classification.
Integrating and Mining Distributed Customer Databases.
Empirical Bayesian data mining for discovering patterns in post-marketing drug safety.
Mining from open answers in questionnaire data.
: a model for visualizing knowledge discovery process.
DBMiner: A System for Mining Knowledge in Large Relational Databases.
Mining Segment-Wise Periodic Patterns in Time-Related Databases.
FreeSpan: frequent pattern-projected sequential pattern mining.
Learning to Predict the Duration of an Automobile Trip.
Clustering spatial data using random walks.
User-centered design for KDD.
A new efficient probabilistic model for mining labeled ordered trees.
Discriminant Adaptive Nearest Neighbor Classification.
Discovering complex matchings across web query interfaces: a correlation mining approach.
Graphical models for data mining.
Maximal boasting.
GA-Based Rule Enhancement in Concept Learning.
Combining email models for false positive reduction.
Mining for proposal reviewers: lessons learned at the national science foundation.
Target-Independent Mining for Scientific Data: Capturing Transients and Trends for Phenomena Mining.
An Efficient Approach to Clustering in Large Multimedia Databases with Noise.
Mining hepatitis data with temporal abstraction.
Visualization support for a user-centered KDD process.
Knowledge Discovery in RNA Sequence Families of HIV Using Scalable Computers.
Inferring Hierarchical Clustering Structures by Deterministic Annealing.
Visualizing association rules with interactive mosaic plots.
Learning the unified kernel machines for classification.
A Perspective on Databases and Data Mining.
Diagnosing extrapolation: tree-based density estimation.
Discovering additive structure in black box functions.
Natural communities in large linked networks.
Cyclic pattern kernels for predictive graph mining.
Frequent subgraph mining in outerplanar graphs.
REVI-MINER, a KDD-environment for deviation detection and analysis of warranty and goodwill cost statements in automotive industry.
WAPS, a Data Mining Support Environment for the Planning of Warranty and Goodwill Costs in the Automobile Industry.
Navigating massive data sets via local clustering.
Mining viewpoint patterns in image databases.
Estimating the Robustness of Discovered Knowledge.
Exploration mining in diabetic patients databases: findings and conclusions.
SPIN: mining maximal frequent subgraphs from graph databases.
Adaptive Query Processing for Time-Series Data.
From Large to Huge: A Statistician's Reactions to KDD & DM.
Data mining techniques to improve forecast accuracy in airline business.
Mining complex models from arbitrarily large databases in constant time.
Mining time-changing data streams.
Efficient Algorithms for Attribute-Oriented Induction.
Eigenspace-based anomaly detection in computer systems.
Discovering Knowledge in Commercial Databases Using Modern Heuristic Techniques.
Adaptive event detection with time-varying poisson processes.
DataMine: Application Programming Interface and Query Language for Database Mining.
Solving regression problems with rule-based ensemble classifiers.
Classification and visualization for high-dimensional data.
Application of kernels to link analysis.
Discovery of Relevant New Features by Generating Non-Linear Decision Trees.
Recommendation method for extending subscription periods.
Transforming data to satisfy privacy constraints.
On detecting space-time clusters.
Active learning using adaptive resampling.
A model for discovering customer value for E-content.
Privacy-preserving distributed k-means clustering over arbitrarily partitioned data.
Nomograms for visualizing support vector machines.
Dynamic, real-time forecasting of online auctions via functional models.
Polynomial association rules with applications to logistic regression.
Interestingness of frequent itemsets using Bayesian networks as background knowledge.
Fast discovery of unexpected patterns in data, relative to a Bayesian network.
SimRank: a measure of structural-context similarity.
Mining the space of graph properties.
Why collective inference improves relational classification.
Information awareness: a prospective technical assessment.
Adjusting for Multiple Comparisons in Decision Tree Pruning.
Playing hide-and-seek with correlations.
Generation of synthetic data sets for evaluating the accuracy of knowledge discovery systems.
CFI-Stream: mining closed frequent itemsets in data streams.
Mining coherent gene clusters from gene-sample-time microarray data.
Interactive exploration of coherent patterns in time-series gene expression data.
Efficient decision tree construction on streaming data.
Similarity measure based on partial information of time series.
Simultaneous optimization of complex mining tasks with a knowledgeable cache.
Mining top-n local outliers in large databases.
Discovering frequent topological structures from graph datasets.
Web usage mining based on probabilistic latent semantic analysis.
A maximum entropy web recommendation system: combining collaborative and content features.
Optimizing search engines using clickthrough data.
Training linear SVMs in linear time.
Robust Decision Trees: Removing Outliers from Databases.
Static Versus Dynamic Sampling for Data Mining.
SIPping from the Data Firehose.
Comparing Massive High-Dimensional Data Sets.
Fast Computation of 2-Dimensional Depth Contours.
Introducing perpetual analytics.
Predicting rare classes: can boosting make any weak learner strong?
A bag of paths model for measuring structural similarity in Web documents.
Mining intrusion detection alarms for actionable knowledge.
Capital One's statistical problems: our top ten list.
Mining Generalized Term Associations: Count Propagation Algorithm.
A system for automated mapping of bill-of-materials part numbers.
Data mining in the chemical industry.
Generalized clustering, supervised learning, and data assignment.
Metarule-Guided Mining of Multi-Dimensional Association Rules Using Data Cubes.
Evaluating the Interestingness of Characteristic Rules.
Nantonac collaborative filtering: recommendation based on order responses.
Visualizing multi-dimensional clusters, trends, and outliers using star coordinates.
When do data mining results violate privacy?
Distributed and parallel knowledge discovery (workshop session - title only).
Scalable, Distributed Data Mining - An Agent Architecture.
Optimization of Collection Efforts in Automobile Financing - a KDD Supported Environment.
A Method for Reasoning with Structured and Continuous Attributes in the INLEN-2 Multistrategy Knowledge Discovery System.
Information retrieval based on collaborative filtering with latent interest semantic map.
Mining quantitative correlated patterns using an information-theoretic approach.
Defining the Goals to Optimise Data Mining Performance.
The Impact of Changing Populations on Classifier Performance.
Maximizing the spread of influence through a social network.
Ensemble-index: a new approach to indexing large databases.
On the need for time series data mining benchmarks: a survey and empirical demonstration.
Finding surprising patterns in a time series database in linear time and space.
Towards parameter-free data mining.
Scaling up dynamic time warping for datamining applications.
An Enhanced Representation of Time Series Which Allows Fast and Accurate Classification, Clustering and Relevance Feedback.
A Probabilistic Approach to Fast Pattern Matching in Time Series Databases.
Active Templates: Comprehensive Support for the Knowledge Discovery Process.
Clustering Sequences of Complex Objects.
Conceptual Clustering in Structured Databases: A Practical Approach.
Feature selection in unsupervised learning via evolutionary search.
Genome scale prediction of protein functional class from sequence using data mining.
Cross-sell: a fast promotion-tunable customer-item recommendation method based on conditionally independent probabilities.
Bursty and hierarchical structure in streams.
Anonymization Techniques for Knowledge Discovery in Databases.
Analysing Binary Associations.
Maximally informative k-itemsets and their efficient discovery.
Extraction of Spatial Proximity Patterns by Concept Generalization.
A Unified Notion of Outliers: Properties and Computation.
Robust space transformations for distance-based operations.
Mining e-commerce data: the good, the bad, and the ugly.
Scaling Up the Accuracy of Naive-Bayes Classifiers: A Decision-Tree Hybrid.
Feature Subset Selection Using the Wrapper Method: Overfitting and Dynamic Search Space Topology.
Error-Based and Entropy-Based Discretization of Continuous Features.
Targeting Business Users with Decision Table Classifiers.
Web mining for e-commerce (workshop session - title only).
Local sparsity control for naive Bayes with extreme misclassification costs.
Improved robustness of signature-based near-replica detection via lexicon randomization.
Efficient handling of high-dimensional feature spaces by randomized classifier ensembles.
Statistical learning from relational data.
Learning to detect malicious executables in the wild.
Reducing the human overhead in text categorization.
Unsupervised Bayesian visualization of high-dimensional data.
BAYDA: Software for Bayesian Classification and Feature Selection.
Predictive Data Mining with Finite Mixtures.
Determining an author's native language by mining a text for errors.
A two-way visualization method for clustered data.
Measuring and extracting proximity in networks.
PROXIMUS: a framework for analyzing very high dimensional discrete-attributed datasets.
Efficient Search for Strong Partial Determinations.
Mining for Causes of Cancer: Machine Learning Experiments at Various Levels of Detail.
Molecular feature mining in HIV data.
Density-based clustering of uncertain data.
A parallel learning algorithm for text classification.
A multiple tree algorithm for the efficient association of asteroid observations.
A graph-theoretic approach to extract storylines from search results.
Structure and evolution of online social networks.
Hierarchical topic segmentation of websites.
Clustering seasonality patterns in the presence of errors.
Algorithms for storytelling.
Learning spatially variant dissimilarity (SVaD) measures.
Self-Organizing Maps of Document Collections: A New Approach to Interactive Exploration.
Imputation of Missing Data Using Machine Learning Techniques.
Mining a stream of transactions for customer patterns.
Approaches to Online Learning and Concept Drift for User Identification in Computer Security.
An Empirical Test of the Weighted Effect Approach to Generalized Prediction Using Recursive Neural Nets.
Combining partitions by probabilistic label aggregation.
Induction of Condensed Determinations.
Fast and Effective Text Mining Using Linear-Time Document Clustering.
The data mining approach to automated software testing.
New EM derived from Kullback-Leibler divergence.
Similarity analysis on government regulations.
Cryptographically private support vector machines.
Bias and controversy: beyond the statistical deviation.
Passenger-based predictive modeling of airline no-show rates.
Feature bagging for outlier detection.
Effective localized regression for damage detection in large complex mechanical structures.
The distributed boosting algorithm.
Workload-aware anonymization.
Simple and effective visual models for gene expression cancer diagnostics.
IntelliClean: a knowledge-based intelligent data cleaner.
Exploiting Visualization in Knowledge Discovery.
Mining Audit Data to Build Intrusion Detection Models.
Mining in a Data-Flow Environment: Experience in Network Intrusion Detection.
Discovering Trends in Text Databases.
Mining Features for Sequence Classification.
Sampling from large graphs.
Graphs over time: densification laws, shrinking diameters and possible explanations.
Empirical comparisons of various voting methods in bagging.
Incremental maintenance of quotient cube for median.
Mining risk patterns in medical data.
Very sparse random projections.
Clustering moving objects.
An integrated framework on mining logs files for computing system management.
Automated detection of frontal systems from numerical model-generated data.
Construct robust rule sets for classification.
Mining heterogeneous gene expression data with time lagged recurrent neural networks.
A robust and efficient clustering algorithm based on cohesion self-merging.
Discovering informative content blocks from Web documents.
Visually mining and monitoring massive time series.
Distributed data mining in a chain store database of short transactions.
Induction of semantic classes from natural language text.
DIRT @SBT@discovery of inference rules from text.
Data Mining for Direct Marketing: Problems and Solutions.
Maximum profit mining and its application in software development.
Collusion in the U.S. crop insurance program: applied data mining.
GPLAG: detection of software plagiarism by program dependence graph analysis.
Mining data records in Web pages.
Using General Impressions to Analyze Discovered Classification Rules.
Multi-level organization and summarization of the discovered rules.
Identifying non-actionable association rules.
Discovering the set of fundamental rule changes.
Integrating Classification and Association Rule Mining.
Pruning and Summarizing the Discovered Associations.
Mining Association Rules with Multiple Minimum Supports.
Mining Interesting Knowledge Using DM-II.
Incremental context mining for adaptive document classification.
On computing, storing and querying frequent patterns.
Discovering unexpected information from your competitors' web sites.
Mining frequent item sets by opportunistic projection.
A framework for ontology-driven subspace clustering.
The IOC algorithm: efficient many-class non-parametric classification for high-dimensional data.
Rule interestingness analysis using OLAP operations.
Clustering pair-wise dissimilarity data into partially ordered sets.
Fast mining of high dimensional expressive contrast patterns using zero-suppressed binary decision diagrams.
Unsupervised learning on k-partite graphs.
Co-clustering by block value decomposition.
Origami: A New Data Visualization Tool.
Adversarial learning.
Targeting the right students using data mining.
An Overview of Issues in Developing Industrial Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery Applications.
Human Performance on Clustering Web Pages: A Preliminary Study.
Reverse Engineering Databases for Knowledge Discovery.
Learning nonstationary models of normal network traffic for detecting novel attacks.
Tensor-CUR decompositions for tensor-based data.
Aggregation of Imprecise and Uncertain Information for Knowledge Discovery in Databases.
Mining, indexing, and querying historical spatiotemporal data.
Mining Lesion-Deficit Associations in a Brain Image Database.
Estimating missed actual positives using independent classifiers.
Discovering Predictive Association Rules.
Statistics and Data Mining Techniques for Lifetime Value Modeling.
MDL-Based Decision Tree Pruning.
Visual data mining using principled projection algorithms and information visualization techniques.
Generating semantic annotations for frequent patterns with context analysis.
Global partial orders from sequential data.
Discovering evolutionary theme patterns from text: an exploration of temporal text mining.
Prediction with Local Patterns using Cross-Entropy.
A mixture model for contextual text mining.
Finding simple intensity descriptions from event sequence data.
Sleeved coclustering.
Discovering Generalized Episodes Using Minimal Occurrences.
Extending Naïve Bayes Classifiers Using Long Itemsets.
Multiple Uses of Frequent Sets and Condensed Representations (Extended Abstract).
A distributed learning framework for heterogeneous data sources.
A new multi-view regression approach with an application to customer wallet estimation.
Discovering Frequent Episodes in Sequences.
Efficient multidimensional data representations based on multiple correspondence analysis.
Aggregating time partitions.
YALE: rapid prototyping for complex data mining tasks.
A Comparison of Approaches for Maximizing Business Payoff of Prediction Models.
Fast Robust Visual Data Mining.
Extracting targeted data from the web.
Efficient computations via scalable sparse kernel partial least squares and boosted latent features.
Experimental design for solicitation campaigns.
The Field Matching Problem: Algorithms and Applications.
Information extraction, data mining and joint inference.
Efficient clustering of high-dimensional data sets with application to reference matching.
Reinforcement Learning for Trading Systems and Portfolios.
Data filtering for automatic classification of rocks from reflectance spectra.
New cached-sufficient statistics algorithms for quickly answering statistical questions.
Algorithms for time series knowledge mining.
Understandable models Of music collections based on exhaustive feature generation with temporal statistics.
Optimizing time series discretization for knowledge discovery.
Mining frequent neighboring class sets in spatial databases.
Key semantics extraction by dependency tree mining.
Tracking dynamics of topic trends using a finite mixture model.
Distributed cooperative mining for information consortia.
Mining product reputations on the Web.
Group Bitmap Index: A Structure for Association Rules Retrieval.
Decision Tree Induction: How Effective is the Greedy Heuristic?
Rethinking the Learning of Belief Network Probabilities.
Machine learning for online query relaxation.
Using a Knowledge Cache for Interactive Discovery of Association Rules.
Mining traffic data from probe-car system for travel time prediction.
Development of Multi-Criteria Metrics for Evaluation of Data Mining Algorithms.
Towards the Personalization of Algorithms Evaluation in Data Mining.
Evaluating Usefulness for Dynamic Classification.
Using retrieval measures to assess similarity in mining dynamic web clickstreams.
Clustering based large margin classification: a scalable approach using SOCP formulation.
Semantic representation: search and mining of multimedia content.
Rapid detection of significant spatial clusters.
Detection of emerging space-time clusters.
Data mining platform for database developers.
Learning relational probability trees.
Using relational knowledge discovery to prevent securities fraud.
Statistical entity-topic models.
A quickstart in frequent structure mining can make a difference.
Graph-based anomaly detection.
A hit-miss model for duplicate detection in the WHO drug safety database.
Identifying Distinctive Subsequences in Multivariate Time Series by Clustering.
Large Datasets Lead to Overly Complex Models: An Explanation and a Solution.
Evaluating classifiers' performance in a constrained environment.
Analysing Rock Samples for the Mars Lander.
Programming the K-means clustering algorithm in SQL.
Towards NIC-based intrusion detection.
Experimental comparisons of online and batch versions of bagging and boosting.
Small is beautiful: discovering the minimal set of unexpected patterns.
Pattern Discovery in Temporal Databases: A Temporal Logic Approach.
A Belief-Driven Method for Discovering Unexpected Patterns.
Personalization from incomplete data: what you don't know can hurt.
Discovery of multi-level rules and exceptions from a distributed database.
Mining for misconfigured machines in grid systems.
ANF: a fast and scalable tool for data mining in massive graphs.
Visualizing changes in the structure of data for exploratory feature selection.
Carpenter: finding closed patterns in long biological datasets.
Automatic mining of fruit fly embryo images.
Automatic multimedia cross-modal correlation discovery.
Discovering word senses from text.
On certain rigorous approaches to data mining (invited talk, abstract only).
Naïve filterbots for robust cold-start recommendations.
Memory Placement Techniques for Parallel Association Mining.
Document preprocessing for naive Bayes classification and clustering with mixture of multinomials.
Towards scalable support vector machines using squashing.
Probabilistic query models for transaction data.
An Iterative Improvement Approach for the Discretization of Numeric Attributes in Bayesian Classifiers.
Beyond Concise and Colorful: Learning Intelligible Rules.
Disease progression modeling from historical clinical databases.
Sequential cost-sensitive decision making with reinforcement learning.
Can we push more constraints into frequent pattern mining?
On mining cross-graph quasi-cliques.
Accelerating Exact -means Algorithms with Geometric Reasoning.
Data mining to detect abnormal behavior in aerospace data.
Extracting collective probabilistic forecasts from web games.
Aggregation-based feature invention and relational concept classes.
Data-driven validation, completion and construction of event relationship networks.
New unsupervised clustering algorithm for large datasets.
Mining rare and frequent events in multi-camera surveillance video using self-organizing maps.
Compression-Based Evaluation of Partial Determinations.
Parallel Halo Finding in N-Body Cosmology Simulations.
Improving discriminative sequential learning with rare--but--important associations.
B-EM: a classifier incorporating bootstrap with EM approach for data mining.
Making every bit count: fast nonlinear axis scaling.
Is there a grand challenge or X-prize for data mining?
Performing Effective Feature Selection by Investigating the Deep Structure of the Data.
Fuzzy Interpretation of Induction Results.
Capturing best practice for microarray gene expression data analysis.
Bayesian analysis of massive datasets via particle filters.
Incorporating prior knowledge with weighted margin support vector machines.
Interpretable Boosted Naïve Bayes Classification.
Estimating Campaign Benefits and Modeling Lift.
Learning sparse metrics via linear programming.
Methods for Linking and Mining Massive Heterogeneous Databases.
Robust boosting and its relation to bagging.
Estimating the size of the telephone universe: a Bayesian Mark-recapture approach.
Ranking - Methods for Flexible Evaluation and Efficient Comparison of Classification Performance.
Cluster-based concept invention for statistical relational learning.
Discovery of Fraud Rules for Telecommunications - Challenges and Solutions.
Generalized Additive Neural Networks.
Evaluation of prediction models for marketing campaigns.
Short term performance forecasting in enterprise systems.
Customer lifetime value modeling and its use for customer retention planning.
Visualizing concept drift.
Discriminative vs Informative Learning.
2001: A Statistical Odyssey (Invited talk, Abstract only).
Identifying early buyers from purchase data.
Data Mining and Model Simplicity: A Case Study in Diagnosis.
SE-Trees Outperform Decision Trees in Noisy Domains.
Analysis and Visualization of Classifier Performance: Comparison under Imprecise Class and Cost Distributions.
Deriving Queries from Results Using Genetic Programming.
Efficient Progressive Sampling.
Learning Limited Dependence Bayesian Classifiers.
Scaling Up Inductive Algorithms: An Overview.
Interestingness via What is Not Interesting.
Critical event prediction for proactive management in large-scale computer clusters.
Query chains: learning to rank from implicit feedback.
Incentive networks.
On the use of linear programming for unsupervised text classification.
Defection detection: using activity profiles to predict ISP customer vulnerability.
Recommender systems in commerce and community.
Knowledge Discovery in Integrated Call Centers: A Framework for Effective Customer-Driven Marketing.
Mass collaboration and data mining.
Mining GPS Data to Augment Road Models.
Regularized discriminant analysis for high dimensional, low sample size data.
Turning CARTwheels: an alternating algorithm for mining redescriptions.
A multinomial clustering model for fast simulation of computer architecture designs.
Visualizing Bagged Decision Trees.
Privacy preserving regression modelling via distributed computation.
Time Series Forecasting from High-Dimensional Data with Multiple Adaptive Layers.
Discovering Enrollment Knowledge in University Databases.
Clinical and financial outcomes analysis with existing hospital patient records.
Interactive deduplication using active learning.
Combining clustering and co-training to enhance text classification using unlabelled data.
Cross-training: learning probabilistic mappings between topics.
Predicting the product purchase patterns of corporate customers.
A sequential sampling algorithm for a general class of utility criteria.
Using structure indices for efficient approximation of network properties.
Extracting Support Data for a Given Task.
Knowledge Discovery from Multiple Databases.
Sampling-based sequential subgroup mining.
Mining knowledge-sharing sites for viral marketing.
Ongoing management and application of discovered knowledge in a large regulatory organization: a case study of the use and impact of NASD Regulation's Advanced Detection System (RADS).
Dense itemsets.
ADMIT: anomaly-based data mining for intrusions.
Improving spatial locality of programs via data mining.
Feature Extraction for Massive Data Mining.
TreeDT: gene mapping by tree disequilibrium test.
Using Rough Sets as Tools for Knowledge Discovery.
Discovering Classification Knowledge in Databases Using Rough Sets.
Compressed Data Cubes for OLAP Aggregate Query Approximation on Continuous Dimensions.
Selection, combination, and evaluation of effective software sensors for detecting abnormal computer usage.
Frequent-subsequence-based prediction of outer membrane proteins.
Scalable Exploratory Data Mining of Distributed Geoscientific Data.
Detecting graph-based spatial outliers: algorithms and applications (a summary of results).
Metapattern Generation for Integrated Data Mining.
Monitoring a Newsfeed for Hot Topics.
Experimental study of discovering essential information from customer inquiry.
Data Surveying: Foundations of an Inductive Query Language.
KESO: Minimizing Database Interaction.
On Subjective Measures of Interestingness in Knowledge Discovery.
Probabilistic workflow mining.
Multimedia data mining (workshop session - title only).
Using Recon for Data Cleaning.
A Robust System Architecture for Mining Semi-Structured Data.
Discovery of Concurrent Data Models from Experimental Tables: A Rough Set Approach.
A Bayesian network framework for reject inference.
Clustering Using Monte Carlo Cross-Validation.
Detecting Atmospheric Regimes Using Cross-Validated Clustering.
Anytime Exploratory Data Analysis for Massive Data Sets.
Learning to Extract Text-Based Information from the World Wide Web.
Modeling and predicting personal information dissemination behavior.
Knowledge base maintenance using knowledge gap analysis.
Evaluating similarity measures: a large-scale study in the orkut social network.
MONIC: modeling and monitoring cluster transitions.
Learning Bayesian Networks with Discrete Variables from Data.
Mining Association Rules with Item Constraints.
Generating English summaries of time series data using the Gricean maxims.
Self-Organizing wireless sensor networks in action.
A Data Mining Support Environment and its Application on Insurance Data.
Coincidence Detection: A Fast Method for Discovering Higher-Order Correlations in Multidimensional Data.
Support envelopes: a technique for exploring the structure of association patterns.
Discovery of climate indices using clustering.
Generalizing the notion of support.
Probabilistic author-topic models for information discovery.
After the gold rush (invited talk, abstract only): data mining in the new economy (invited talk, abstract only).
Mining Databases with Different Schemas: Integrating Incompatible Classifiers.
JAM: Java Agents for Meta-Learning over Distributed Databases.
Harnessing Graphical Structure in Markov Chain Monte Carlo Learning.
Quakefinder: A Scalable Data Mining System for Detecting Earthquakes from Space.
Fast Spatio-Temporal Data Mining of Large Geophysical Datasets.
Query, analysis, and visualization of hierarchically structured data using Polaris.
Exploiting response models: optimizing cross-sell and up-sell opportunities in banking.
Image Feature Reduction through Spoiling: Its Application to Multiple Matched Filters for Focus of Attention.
A streaming ensemble algorithm (SEA) for large-scale classification.
Defining as a Data Mining Primitive.
A Visual Interactive Framework for Attribute Discretization.
Combining linguistic and statistical analysis to extract relations from web documents.
Beyond streams and graphs: dynamic tensor analysis.
A hybrid unsupervised approach for document clustering.
Autonomous Discovery of Reliable Exception Rules.
Simultaneous Reliability Evaluation of Generality and Accuracy for Rule Discovery in Databases.
Exceptional Knowledge Discovery in Databases Based on Information Theory.
Undiscovered Public Knowledge: A Ten-Year Update.
A Study of Support Vectors on Model Independent Example Selection.
Handling Concept Drifts in Incremental Learning with Support Vector Machines.
An empirical analysis of techniques for constructing and searching k-dimensional trees.
Textual data mining of service center call records.
Ordering patterns by combining opinions from multiple sources.
Selecting the right interestingness measure for association patterns.
Mining long-term search history to improve search accuracy.
Email data cleaning.
Acclimatizing taxonomic semantics for hierarchical content classification from semantics to data-driven taxonomy.
Mining phenotypes and informative genes from gene expression data.
Hierarchical model-based clustering of large datasets through fractionation and refractionation.
Assessment and pruning of hierarchical model based clustering.
Weighted Association Rule Mining using weighted support and significance framework.
Mining distance-based outliers from large databases in any metric space.
Mining comparable bilingual text corpora for cross-language information integration.
Learning domain-independent string transformation weights for high accuracy object identification.
PaintingClass: interactive construction, visualization and exploration of decision trees.
Interactive Knowledge Discovery from Marketing Questionnaire Using Simulated Breeding and Inductive Learning Methods.
Accelerated Quantification of Bayesian Networks with Incomplete Data.
An Efficient Algorithm for the Incremental Updation of Association Rules in Large Databases.
Mining Generalized Association Rules and Sequential Patterns Using SQL Queries.
A generative probabilistic approach to visualizing sets of symbolic sequences.
Center-piece subgraphs: problem definition and fast solutions.
Regression error characteristic surfaces.
Tri-plots: scalable tools for multidimensional data mining.
The generalized Bayesian committee machine.
Learning a complex metabolomic dataset using random forests and support vector machines.
Time and sample efficient discovery of Markov blankets and direct causal relations.
Efficient kernel feature extraction for massive data sets.
Automated Selection of Rule Induction Methods Based on Recursive Iteration of Resampling Methods and Multiple Statistical Testing.
Automated Discovery of Functional Components of Proteins from Amino-Acid Sequences Based on Rough Sets and Change of Representation.
Automated Discovery of Medical Expert System Rules from Clinical Databases Based on Rough Sets.
Breaking the Barrier of Transactions: Mining Inter-Transaction Association Rules.
Bayesian Inference for Identifying Solar Active Regions.
Handling very large numbers of association rules in the analysis of microarray data.
Querying multiple sets of discovered rules.
Single-shot detection of multiple categories of text using parametric mixture models.
What's the code?: automatic classification of source code archives.
Finding partial orders from unordered 0-1 data.
Efficient Implementation of Data Cubes Via Materialized Views.
RITIO - Rule Induction Two In One.
Privacy preserving association rule mining in vertically partitioned data.
Privacy-preserving -means clustering over vertically partitioned data.
Camouflaged fraud detection in domains with complex relationships.
Non-linear dimensionality reduction techniques for classification and visualization.
Rotation invariant distance measures for trajectories.
Indexing multi-dimensional time-series with support for multiple distance measures.
1-dimensional splines as building blocks for improving accuracy of risk outcomes models.
On interactive visualization of high-dimensional data using the hyperbolic plane.
Data Reduction Based on Hyper Relations.
Anonymizing sequential releases.
Mining concept-drifting data streams using ensemble classifiers.
CLOSET+: searching for the best strategies for mining frequent closed itemsets.
Mining unexpected rules by pushing user dynamics.
Schema Discovery for Semistructured Data.
Web object indexing using domain knowledge.
Topics over time: a non-Markov continuous-time model of topical trends.
Application of neural networks to biological data mining: a case study in protein sequence classification.
Summarizing itemset patterns using probabilistic models.
Pattern-based similarity search for microarray data.
Item selection by "hub-authority" profit ranking.
Selecting Features by Vertical Compactness of Data.
Automated Discovery of Active Motifs in Multiple RNA Secondary Structures.
Interestingness-Based Interval Merger for Numeric Association Rules.
Representing Discovered Patterns Using Attributed Hypergraph.
Evaluating a Class of Distance-Mapping Algorithms for Data Mining and Clustering.
Scalable mining of large disk-based graph databases.
Automated Discovery of Active Motifs in Three Dimensional Molecules.
Suppressing model overfitting in mining concept-drifting data streams.
Efficient mining of weighted association rules (WAR).
Growing decision trees on support-less association rules.
Mining user session data to facilitate user interaction with a customer service knowledge base in RightNow Web.
Efficient search for association rules.
Discovering associations with numeric variables.
Discovering significant rules.
On detecting differences between groups.
A large-scale analysis of query logs for assessing personalization opportunities.
Semi-supervised time series classification.
Analyzing customer behavior at Amazon.com.
Discovering Technical Traders in the T-bond Futures Market.
Knowledge-based data mining.
Learning to Predict Rare Events in Event Sequences.
A system for real-time competitive market intelligence.
Algorithms for estimating relative importance in networks.
Discovering Roll-Up Dependencies.
Detecting Early Indicator Cars in an Automotive Database: A Multi-Strategy Approach.
(alpha, k)-anonymity: an enhanced k-anonymity model for privacy preserving data publishing.
Privacy-preserving Bayesian network structure computation on distributed heterogeneous data.
Extensibility in Data Mining Systems.
Screening and interpreting multi-item associations based on log-linear modeling.
Incremental approximate matrix factorization for speeding up support vector machines.
Formulating distance functions via the kernel trick.
Mining scale-free networks using geodesic clustering.
The anatomy of a multimodal information filter.
Fast and Intuitive Clustering of Web Documents.
A refinement approach to handling model misfit in text categorization.
Coherent closed quasi-clique discovery from large dense graph databases.
CLICKS: an effective algorithm for mining subspace clusters in categorical datasets.
Daily Prediction of Major Stock Indices from Textual WWW Data.
Experimental comparison of scalable online ad serving.
A cross-collection mixture model for comparative text mining.
Extracting redundancy-aware top-k patterns.
Attack detection in time series for recommender systems.
Discovering interesting patterns through user's interactive feedback.
Identifying bridging rules between conceptual clusters.
Exploiting a support-based upper bound of Pearson's correlation coefficient for efficiently identifying strongly correlated pairs.
Exploring constraints to efficiently mine emerging patterns from large high-dimensional datasets.
K-means clustering versus validation measures: a data distribution perspective.
Utility-based anonymization using local recoding.
Mining progressive confident rules.
Dynamic syslog mining for network failure monitoring.
Extracting key-substring-group features for text classification.
Discovering outlier filtering rules from unlabeled data: combining a supervised learner with an unsupervised learner.
A unifying framework for detecting outliers and change points from non-stationary time series data.
PlanMine: Sequence Mining for Plan Failures.
Very sparse stable random projections for dimension reduction in alpha (0 &lt;alpha<=2) norm.
On-line unsupervised outlier detection using finite mixtures with discounting learning algorithms.
Fast mining of spatial collocations.
Beyond classification and ranking: constrained optimization of the ROI.
Linear prediction models with graph regularization for web-page categorization.
Summarizing itemset patterns: a profile-based approach.
On the discovery of significant statistical quantitative rules.
Enhancing the lift under budget constraints: an application in the mutual fund industry.
Fast Density Estimation Using CF-Kernel for Very Large Databases.
CloseGraph: mining closed frequent graph patterns.
Applying data mining in investigating money laundering crimes.
Predicting prostate cancer recurrence via maximizing the concordance index.
A new scheme on privacy-preserving data classification.
Mining closed relational graphs with connectivity constraints.
IMMC: incremental maximum margin criterion.
A data mining approach to modeling relationships among categories in image collection.
Interactive exploration of very large relational datasets through 3D dynamic projections.
The complexity of mining maximal frequent itemsets and maximal frequent patterns.
Building connected neighborhood graphs for isometric data embedding.
Event detection from evolution of click-through data.
Efficient discovery of error-tolerant frequent itemsets in high dimensions.
Opportunity map: identifying causes of failure - a deployed data mining system.
CLOPE: a fast and effective clustering algorithm for transactional data.
V-Miner: using enhanced parallel coordinates to mine product design and test data.
Learning to predict train wheel failures.
BLOSOM: a framework for mining arbitrary boolean expressions.
2PXMiner: an efficient two pass mining of frequent XML query patterns.
Real world performance of association rule algorithms.
A DEA approach for model combination.
A generalized framework for mining spatio-temporal patterns in scientific data.
KDD Process Planning.
Mining asynchronous periodic patterns in time series data.
Toward a Multi-Strategy and Cooperative Discovery System.
Infominer: mining surprising periodic patterns.
Streaming feature selection using alpha-investing.
Combining proactive and reactive predictions for data streams.
Optimal randomization for privacy preserving data mining.
Topic-conditioned novelty detection.
Simultaneous record detection and attribute labeling in web data extraction.
Mining web logs for prediction models in WWW caching and prefetching.
Efficient elastic burst detection in data streams.
Anonymity-preserving data collection.
Optimal Multiple Intervals Discretization of Continuous Attributes for Supervised Learning.
GPCA: an efficient dimension reduction scheme for image compression and retrieval.
IDR/QR: an incremental dimension reduction algorithm via QR decomposition.
A Dataset Decomposition Approach to Data Mining and Machine Discovery.
Analytical view of business data.
Knowledge = Concepts: A Harmful Equation.
Eliminating noisy information in Web pages for data mining.
Show me the money!: deriving the pricing power of product features by mining consumer reviews.
A classifier for semi-structured documents.
Automated Pattern Mining with a Scale Dimension.
Cross-relational clustering with user's guidance.
Computing Optimized Rectilinear Regions for Association Rules.
Integration of semantic-based bipartite graph representation and mutual refinement strategy for biomedical literature clustering.
New Algorithms for Fast Discovery of Association Rules.
Automated cyclone discovery and tracking using knowledge sharing in multiple heterogeneous satellite data.
Density-based spam detector.
On-board analysis of uncalibrated data for a spacecraft at mars.
SVM selective sampling for ranking with application to data retrieval.
LungCAD: a clinically approved, machine learning system for lung cancer detection.
Distributed multivariate regression based on influential observations.
PEBL: positive example based learning for Web page classification using SVM.
Automatic labeling of multinomial topic models.
Efficiently handling feature redundancy in high-dimensional data.
Characterising the difference.
Redundancy based feature selection for microarray data.
Classifying large data sets using SVMs with hierarchical clusters.
Supervised probabilistic principal component analysis.
Learning and making decisions when costs and probabilities are both unknown.
Joint cluster analysis of attribute and relationship data withouta-priori specification of the number of clusters.
Transforming classifier scores into accurate multiclass probability estimates.
Training structural svms with kernels using sampled cuts.
Pattern lattice traversal by selective jumps.
Real-time ranking with concept drift using expert advice.
Resource and Knowledge Discovery in Global Information Systems: A Preliminary Design and Experiment.
Estimating rates of rare events at multiple resolutions.
Generating non-redundant association rules.
Distributed classification in peer-to-peer networks.
Efficiently mining frequent trees in a forest.
Mining correlated bursty topic patterns from coordinated text streams.
From mining the web to inventing the new sciences underlying the internet.
A scalable modular convex solver for regularized risk minimization.
XRules: an effective structural classifier for XML data.
GraphScope: parameter-free mining of large time-evolving graphs.
Fast vertical mining using diffsets.
Reasoning about sets using redescription mining.
Influence and correlation in social networks.
Event summarization for system management.
Active exploration for learning rankings from clickthrough data.
Making generative classifiers robust to selection bias.
Detecting anomalous records in categorical datasets.
Permu-pattern: discovery of mutable permutation patterns with proximity constraint.
Privacy-preservation for gradient descent methods.
IMDS: intelligent malware detection system.
Mining complex power networks for blackout prevention.
Learning subspace kernels for classification.
Fast best-effort pattern matching in large attributed graphs.
Model-shared subspace boosting for multi-label classification.
Detecting time series motifs under uniform scaling.
Learning the kernel matrix in discriminant analysis via quadratically constrained quadratic programming.
Webpage understanding: an integrated approach.
Building semantic kernels for text classification using wikipedia.
Local decomposition for rare class analysis.
The structure of information pathways in a social communication network.
Enhanced max margin learning on multimodal data mining in a multimedia database.
Active learning with direct query construction.
Association analysis-based transformations for protein interaction networks: a function prediction case study.
Data mining at the crossroads: successes, failures and learning from them.
Knowledge discovery of multiple-topic document using parametric mixture model with dirichlet prior.
Using hierarchical clustering for learning theontologies used in recommendation systems.
Practical learning from one-sided feedback.
Statistical change detection for multi-dimensional data.
SPIRAL: efficient and exact model identification for hidden Markov models.
Information genealogy: uncovering the flow of ideas in non-hyperlinked document databases.
Information distance from a question to an answer.
Community evolution in dynamic multi-mode networks.
High-quantile modeling for customer wallet estimation and other applications.
Tracking multiple topics for finding interesting articles.
A concept-based model for enhancing text categorization.
Use of ranked cross document evidence trails for hypothesis generation.
Weighting versus pruning in rule validation for detecting network and host anomalies.
Enhancing semi-supervised clustering: a feature projection perspective.
Efficient ticket routing by resolution sequence mining.
The minimum consistent subset cover problem and its applications in data mining.
Scaling up text classification for large file systems.
Exploiting duality in summarization with deterministic guarantees.
SCAN: a structural clustering algorithm for networks.
From frequent itemsets to semantically meaningful visual patterns.
Partial example acquisition in cost-sensitive learning.
A framework for community identification in dynamic social networks.
Fast direction-aware proximity for graph mining.
Scalable look-ahead linear regression trees.
Machine learning for stock selection.
Corroborate and learn facts from the web.
Pictor: an interactive system for importing data from a website.
Generalized component analysis for text with heterogeneous attributes.
Interpretable nonnegative matrix decompositions.
Truth discovery with multiple conflicting information providers on the web.
Mining templates from search result records of search engines.
Joint optimization of wrapper generation and template detection.
Extracting relevant named entities for automated expense reimbursement.
DiMaC: a disguised missing data cleaning tool.
Mining favorable facets.
A bayesian mixture model with linear regression mixing proportions.
A spectral clustering approach to optimally combining numericalvectors with a modular network.
A learning framework using Green's function and kernel regularization with application to recommender system.
Xproj: a framework for projected structural clustering of xml documents.
Unsupervised feature selection for principal components analysis.
Hierarchical mixture models: a probabilistic analysis.
Factorization meets the neighborhood: a multifaceted collaborative filtering model.
Efficient and effective explanation of change in hierarchical summaries.
Predictive discrete latent factor models for large scale dyadic data.
A framework for classification and segmentation of massive audio data streams.
Topical query decomposition.
On string classification in data streams.
Calculating latent demand in the long tail.
Temporal causal modeling with graphical granger methods.
An event-based framework for characterizing the evolutionary behavior of interaction graphs.
Extracting semantic relations from query logs.
Modeling relationships at multiple scales to improve accuracy of large recommender systems.
Content-based document routing and index partitioning for scalable similarity-based searches in a large corpus.
Support feature machine for classification of abnormal brain activity.
Density-based clustering for real-time stream data.
Nonlinear adaptive distance metric learning for clustering.
Cross-language information retrieval using PARAFAC2.
Evolutionary spectral clustering by incorporating temporal smoothness.
Structural and temporal analysis of the blogosphere through community factorization.
Discovering the hidden structure of house prices with a non-parametric latent manifold model.
Stochastic processes and temporal data mining.
Exploiting underrepresented query aspects for automatic query expansion.
Canonicalization of database records using adaptive similarity measures.
Detecting changes in large data sets of payment card data: a case study.
Co-clustering based classification for out-of-domain documents.
Text classification, business intelligence, and interactivity: automating C-Sat analysis for services industry.
Feature selection methods for text classification.
Efficient incremental constrained clustering.
A framework for simultaneous co-clustering and learning from complex data.
Using predictive analysis to improve invoice-to-cash collection.
Development of NeuroElectroMagnetic ontologies(NEMO): a framework for mining brainwave ontologies.
Semi-supervised classification with hybrid generative/discriminative methods.
Relational data pre-processing techniques for improved securities fraud detection.
Finding tribes: identifying close-knit individuals from employment patterns.
Time-dependent event hierarchy construction.
Fast logistic regression for text categorization with variable-length n-grams.
Constraint-driven clustering.
Trajectory pattern mining.
The future of image search.
Finding low-entropy sets and trees from binary data.
Cleaning disguised missing data: a heuristic approach.
Dynamic hybrid clustering of bioinformatics by incorporating text mining and citation analysis.
Detecting research topics via the correlation between graphs and texts.
Extracting shared subspace for multi-label classification.
Correlation search in graph databases.
Challenges in mining social network data: processes, privacy, and paradoxes.
Practical guide to controlled experiments on the web: listen to your customers not to the hippo.
Raising the baseline for high-precision text classifiers.
A fast algorithm for finding frequent episodes in event streams.
Cost-effective outbreak detection in networks.
Mining statistically important equivalence classes and delta-discriminative emerging patterns.
BoostCluster: boosting clustering by pairwise constraints.
Efficient mining of iterative patterns for software specification discovery.
A probabilistic framework for relational clustering.
Nestedness and segmented nestedness.
Expertise modeling for matching papers with reviewers.
Multiscale topic tomography.
Mining optimal decision trees from itemset lattices.
Domain-constrained semi-supervised mining of tracking models in sensor networks.
Applying collaborative filtering techniques to movie search for better ranking and browsing.
Febrl -: an open source data cleaning, deduplication and record linkage system with a graphical user interface.
Structured entity identification and document categorization: two tasks with one joint model.
Locality sensitive hash functions based on concomitant rank order statistics.
An inductive database prototype based on virtual mining views.
Context-aware query suggestion by mining click-through and session data.
ArnetMiner: extraction and mining of academic social networks.
Get another label? improving data quality and data mining using multiple, noisy labelers.
Bridging centrality: graph mining from element level to group level.
Anticipating annotations and emerging trends in biomedical literature.
Partial least squares regression for graph mining.
A sequential dual method for large scale multi-class linear svms.
Semi-supervised approach to rapid and reliable labeling of large data sets.
Social networks: looking ahead.
Identifying domain expertise of developers from source code.
Identifying authoritative actors in question-answering forums: the case of Yahoo! answers.
De-duping URLs via rewrite rules.
Angle-based outlier detection in high-dimensional data.
Constraint programming for itemset mining.
Can complex network metrics predict the behavior of NBA teams?
Identifying biologically relevant genes via multiple heterogeneous data sources.
Knowledge discovery of semantic relationships between words using nonparametric bayesian graph model.
Entity categorization over large document collections.
Efficient computation of personal aggregate queries on blogs.
The persuasive phase of visualization.
Bypass rates: reducing query abandonment using negative inferences.
Land cover change detection: a case study.
The cost of privacy: destruction of data-mining utility in anonymized data publishing.
Structured learning for non-smooth ranking losses.
Morpheus: interactive exploration of subspace clustering.
SAX: indexing and mining terabyte sized time series.
Regularization paths and coordinate descent.
Learning from multi-topic web documents for contextual advertisement.
Learning classifiers from only positive and unlabeled data.
Colibri: fast mining of large static and dynamic graphs.
Discrimination-aware data mining.
Knowledge transfer via multiple model local structure mapping.
Effective label acquisition for collective classification.
Effective and efficient itemset pattern summarization: regression-based approaches.
Learning methods for lung tumor markerless gating in image-guided radiotherapy.
A visual-analytic toolkit for dynamic interaction graphs.
Using ghost edges for classification in sparsely labeled networks.
Reconstructing chemical reaction networks: data mining meets system identification.
Classification with partial labels.
Internet advertising and optimal auction design.
Automatic identification of quasi-experimental designs for discovering causal knowledge.
Genesis of postal address reading, current state and future prospects: thirty years of pattern recognition on duty of postal services.
Succinct summarization of transactional databases: an overlapped hyperrectangle scheme.
Microscopic evolution of social networks.
Finding non-redundant, statistically significant regions in high dimensional data: a novel approach to projected and subspace clustering.
SAIL: summation-based incremental learning for information-theoretic clustering.
Local peculiarity factor and its application in outlier detection.
Stream prediction using a generative model based on frequent episodes in event sequences.
Fastanova: an efficient algorithm for genome-wide association study.
Categorizing and mining concept drifting data streams.
Asymmetric support vector machines: low false-positive learning under the user tolerance.
Quantitative evaluation of approximate frequent pattern mining algorithms.
Semi-supervised learning with data calibration for long-term time series forecasting.
Tagmark: reliable estimations of RFID tags for business processes.
Partitioned logistic regression for spam filtering.
Automatic record linkage using seeded nearest neighbour and support vector machine classification.
An integrated system for automatic customer satisfaction analysis in the services industry.
Multi-class cost-sensitive boosting with p-norm loss functions.
Scalable and near real-time burst detection from eCommerce queries.
Mining preferences from superior and inferior examples.
Structured metric learning for high dimensional problems.
Cuts3vm: a fast semi-supervised svm algorithm.
Model-based document clustering with a collapsed gibbs sampler.
Weighted graphs and disconnected components: patterns and a generator.
Mobile call graphs: beyond power-law and lognormal distributions.
Banded structure in binary matrices.
A software system for buzz-based recommendations.
Large scale data analysis and modelling in online services and advertising.
Spotting out emerging artists using geo-aware analysis of P2P query strings.
Cut-and-stitch: efficient parallel learning of linear dynamical systems on smps.
Relational learning via collective matrix factorization.
Detecting privacy leaks using corpus-based association rules.
Volatile correlation computation: a checkpoint view.
: a system for online review structurization.
Hypergraph spectral learning for multi-label classification.
Composition attacks and auxiliary information in data privacy.
Fast collapsed gibbs sampling for latent dirichlet allocation.
Anonymizing transaction databases for publication.
Using for condensing navigable tag hierarchies from tag clouds.
Customer targeting models using actively-selected web content.
A family of dissimilarity measures between nodes generalizing both the shortest-path and the commute-time distances.
A unified approach for schema matching, coreference and canonicalization.
Privacy-preserving cox regression for survival analysis.
Mining multi-faceted overviews of arbitrary topics in a text collection.
Mining adaptively frequent closed unlabeled rooted trees in data streams.
Pattern-Miner: integrated management and mining over data mining models.
Efficient semi-streaming algorithms for local triangle counting in massive graphs.
Heterogeneous data fusion for alzheimer's disease study.
Probabilistic latent semantic visualization: topic model for visualizing documents.
Temporal pattern discovery for trends and transient effects: its application to patient records.
FAST: a roc-based feature selection metric for small samples and imbalanced data classification problems.
On updates that constrain the features' connections during learning.
Generating succinct titles for web URLs.
Joint latent topic models for text and citations.
Constructing comprehensive summaries of large event sequences.
Spectral domain-transfer learning.
Information extraction from Wikipedia: moving down the long tail.
Direct mining of discriminative and essential frequent patterns via model-based search tree.
Feedback effects between similarity and social influence in online communities.
Data mining using high performance data clouds: experimental studies using sector and sphere.
Combinational collaborative filtering for personalized community recommendation.
Unsupervised deduplication using cross-field dependencies.
Anomaly pattern detection in categorical datasets.
Simultaneous tensor subspace selection and clustering: the equivalence of high order svd and k-means clustering.
Stable feature selection via dense feature groups.
Cluster-Based Algorithms for Dealing with Missing Values.
An Anomaly Detection Method for Spacecraft Using Relevance Vector Learning.
Discovering Unordered and Ordered Phrase Association Patterns for Text Mining.
News Sensitive Stock Trend Prediction.
Classifying Text Streams in the Presence of Concept Drifts.
Incremental Extraction of Keyterms for Classifying Multilingual Documents in the Web.
Network Data Mining: Discovering Patterns of Interaction Between Attributes.
An Incremental Data Stream Clustering Algorithm Based on Dense Units Detection.
IGB: A New Informative Generic Base of Association Rules.
A Privacy-Preserving Classification Mining Algorithm.
Towards Real Time Discovery from Distributed Information Sources.
Combining Forecasts from Multiple Textual Data Sources.
Efficiently Computing Iceberg Cubes with Complex Constraints through Bounding.
Evaluating a Rule Evaluation Support Method Based on Objective Rule Evaluation Indices.
Febrl - A Parallel Open Source Data Linkage System: http: //datamining.anu.edu.au/linkage.html.
Constructive Meta-level Feature Selection Method Based on Method Repositories.
QED: An Efficient Framework for Temporal Region Query Processing.
DeLi-Clu: Boosting Robustness, Completeness, Usability, and Efficiency of Hierarchical Clustering by a Closest Pair Ranking.
Improving Mining Quality by Exploiting Data Dependency.
Clustering Multi-represented Objects Using Combination Trees.
Fast and Light Boosting for Adaptive Mining of Data Streams.
Self-Similarity for Data Mining and Predictive Modeling - A Case Study for Network Data.
Data Mining Techniques for Associations, Clustering and Classification.
Progressive Sampling for Association Rules Based on Sampling Error Estimation.
Knowledge Acquisition for Goal Prediction in a Multi-user Adventure Game.
Text Summarization by Sentence Segment Extraction Using Machine Learning Algorithms.
The Application of Emerging Patterns for Improving the Quality of Rare-Class Classification.
Blind Data Linkage Using n-gram Similarity Comparisons.
Direct Domain Knowledge Inclusion in the PA3 Rule Induction Algorithm.
Threshold Tuning for Improved Classification Association Rule Mining.
An Efficient Space-Partitioning Based Algorithm for the K-Means Clustering.
Constructing Conceptual Scales in Formal Analysis.
A Semi-automatic System for Tagging Specialized Corpora.
Boosting the Performance of Nearest Neighbour Methods with Feature Selection.
Discretization of Continuous Attributes for Learning Classification Rules.
Trend Directed Learning: A Case Study.
An Efficient Global Discretization Method.
Hybrid Data Mining Systems: The Next Generation.
A Minimal Causal Model Learner.
IT Development in the 21 Century and Its Implications.
Discovering Case Knowledge Using Data Mining.
An Improved Approach for the Discovery of Causal Models via MML.
Summarization and Visualization of Communication Patterns in a Large-Scale Social Network.
Ensembling MML Causal Discovery.
An Efficient Compression Technique for Frequent Itemset Generation in Association Rule Mining.
VQTree: Vector Quantization for Decision Tree Induction.
Learning Hidden Markov Model Topology Based on KL Divergence for Information Extraction.
Automatic View Selection: An Application to Image Mining.
An Intelligent System Based on Kernel Methods for Crop Yield Prediction.
Feature Selection for Clustering.
Using Rough Set in Feature Selection and Reduction in Face Recognition Problem.
Mining Temporal Indirect Associations.
Extracting Shared Topics of Multiple Documents.
Enhanced DB-Subdue: Supporting Subtle Aspects of Graph Mining Using a Relational Approach.
Efficient Hierarchical Clustering Algorithms Using Partially Overlapping Partitions.
Semantic Sequence Kin: A Method of Document Copy Detection.
Consistency Based Feature Selection.
Self-Similar Mining of Time Association Rules.
Mining Frequent Ordered Patterns.
: High Performance Frequent Itemset Mining with Efficient Bit-Vector Projection Technique.
Neural Method for Detection of Complex Patterns in Databases.
Neighborhood Dependencies for Prediction.
Evaluation of Techniques for Classifying Biological Sequences.
Feature Selection for Temporal Health Records.
Mining Association Rules from Structural Deltas of Historical XML Documents.
Averaged Boosting: A Noise-Robust Ensemble Method.
Quality-Aware Association Rule Mining.
An Efficient Data Compression Approach to the Classification Task.
Constraint-Based Mining of Formal Concepts in Transactional Data.
A Method to Boost Naïve Bayesian Classifiers.
Training Support Vector Machines Using Greedy Stagewise Algorithm.
A Method to Boost Support Vector Machines.
FP-Bonsai: The Art of Growing and Pruning Small FP-Trees.
A Comparative Study of Classification Based Personal E-mail Filtering.
Pushing Tougher Constraints in Frequent Pattern Mining.
Evaluating the Replicability of Significance Tests for Comparing Learning Algorithms.
Association Rule Mining on Remotely Sensed Images Using P-trees.
Visual Interactive Evolutionary Algorithm for High Dimensional Data Clustering and Outlier Detection.
Cluster Structure of K-means Clustering via Principal Component Analysis.
Frequent Closures as a Concise Representation for Binary Data Mining.
Scaling Up a Boosting-Based Learner via Adaptive Sampling.
Data Mining as an Automated Service.
CMTreeMiner: Mining Both Closed and Maximal Frequent Subtrees.
KDD as an Enterprise IT Tool: Reality and Agenda (Abstract).
Parallel Density-Based Clustering of Complex Objects.
Efficient Mining of Niches and Set Routines.
Discovery of Association Rules over Ordinal Data: A New and Faster Algorithm and Its Application to Basket Analysis.
Interestingness of Discovered Association Rules in Terms of Neighborhood-Based Unexpectedness.
Using for Mining Web Document Associations.
The Hunter and the Hunted - Modelling the Relationship Between Web Pages and Search Engines.
Discovering Partial Periodic Patterns in Discrete Data Sequences.
Point Estimation Using the Kullback-Leibler Loss Function and MML.
Domain-Driven Actionable Knowledge Discovery in the Real World.
Making Knowledge Extraction and Reasoning Closer.
Kernel Principal Component Analysis for Content Based Image Retrieval.
Mining Frequent Spatial Patterns in Image Databases.
A Conditional Probability Distribution-Based Dissimilarity Measure for Categorial Data.
DB-Subdue: Database Approach to Graph Mining.
Using Weighted Nearest Neighbor to Benefit from Unlabeled Data.
Extracting Causation Knowledge from Natural Language Texts.
Mining Association Rules on Related Numeric Attributes.
An Efficient Cell-Based Clustering Method for Handling Large, High-Dimensional Data.
Automatic Extraction of Low Frequency Bilingual Word Pairs from Parallel Corpora with Various Languages.
SETM*-MaxK: An Efficient SET-Based Approach to Find the Largest Itemset.
Single Factor Analysis in MML Mixture Modelling.
Constructing Personalized Information Agents.
Automatic Information Extraction for Multiple Singular Web Pages.
Robust Clustering of Large Geo-referenced Data Sets.
Applying Pattern Mining to Web Information Extraction.
Criteria on Proximity Graphs for Boundary Extraction and Spatial Clustering.
Enhancing SWF for Incremental Association Mining by Itemset Maintenance.
Optimal Algorithms for Finding User Access Sessions from Very Large Web Logs.
A Technique of Dynamic Feature Selection Using the Feature Group Mutual Information.
Upgrading ILP Rules to First-Order Bayesian Networks.
Discovering Associations in Spatial Data - An Efficient Medoid Based Approach.
Uncertain Data Mining: An Example in Clustering Location Data.
Further Improving Emerging Pattern Based Classifiers Via Bagging.
Mining Open Source Software (OSS) Data Using Association Rules Network.
Mining Classification Knowledge Based on Cloud Models.
Discovering Ordered Tree Patterns from XML Queries.
An Incremental Hierarchical Data Clustering Algorithm Based on Gravity Theory.
An Efficient Single-Scan Algorithm for Mining Essential Jumping Emerging Patterns for Classification.
Temporal Sequence Associations for Rare Events.
Noise Tolerant Classification by Chi Emerging Patterns.
A Similarity Indexing Method for the Data Warehousing - Bit-Wise Indexing Method.
A Nonparametric Outlier Detection for Effectively Discovering Top-N Outliers from Engineering Data.
A Strong Relevant Logic Model of Epistemic Processes in Scientific Discovery (Extended Abstract).
Data Mining Grand Challenges.
Maintaining Frequent Itemsets over High-Speed Data Streams.
Level-Biased Statistics in the Hierarchical Structure of the Web.
Hierarchical Classification of Documents with Error Control.
Multistep-Ahead Time Series Prediction.
Towards Optimizing Conjunctive Inductive Queries.
An Efficient Algorithm for Incremental Update of Concept Spaces.
Improving on Bagging with Input Smearing.
Density-Based Mining of Quantitative Association Rules.
Data Mining Using Dynamically Constructed Recurrent Fuzzy Neural Networks.
Effect of Data Skewness in Parallel Mining of Association Rules.
The Lorenz Dominance Order as a Measure of Interestingness in KDD.
Optimising the Distance Metric in the Nearest Neighbour Algorithm on a Real-World Patient Classification Problem.
Extracting Characteristic Structures among Words in Semistructured Documents.
Network Data Mining and Analysis: The NEMESIS Project.
Classifier Construction by Graph-Based Induction for Graph-Structured Data.
Discriminative Methods for Multi-labeled Classification.
SGPM: Static Group Pattern Mining Using Apriori-Like Sliding Window.
CCAIIA: Clustering Categorial Attributed into Interseting Accociation Rules.
Mining Frequent Instances on Workflows.
Mining Expressive Process Models by Clustering Workflow Traces.
Discovery of Ordinal Association Rules.
A Top-Down Algorithm for Mining Web Access Patterns from Web Logs.
Probing Knowledge in Distributed Data Mining.
A Markovian Approach for Web User Profiling and Clustering.
The TIMERS II Algorithm for the Discovery of Causality.
AViz: A Visualization System for Discovering Numeric Association Rules.
Interactive Construction of Decision Trees.
Interactive Construction of Classification Rules.
DVIZ: A System for Visualizing Data Mining.
Text Categorization Using Weight Adjusted k-Nearest Neighbor Classification.
Exploiting Hierarchical Domain Values for Bayesian Learning.
Selective Materialization: An Efficient Method for Spatial Data Cube Construction.
A Novel Distributed Collaborative Filtering Algorithm and Its Implementation on P2P Overlay Network.
Protection or Privacy? Data Mining and Personal Data.
An Extended Negative Selection Algorithm for Anomaly Detection.
Online Bayes Point Machines.
A Fast Greedy Algorithm for Outlier Mining.
Subspace Clustering of Text Documents with Feature Weighting -Means Algorithm.
Mining Market Basket Data Using Share Measures and Characterized Itemsets.
Extracting User Interests from Bookmarks on the Web.
Evaluation of Interestingness Measures for Ranking Discovered Knowledge.
Automatic Text Extraction for Content-Based Image Indexing.
Heuristic for Ranking the Interestigness of Discovered Knowledge.
Representing Large Concept Hierarchies Using Lattice Data Structure.
Efficient Rule Retrieval and Postponed Restrict Operations for Association Rule Mining.
Clustering Multi-represented Objects with Noise.
A Rough Set-Based Clustering Method with Modification of Equivalence Relations.
A Situated Information Articulation Neural Network: VSF Network.
Dealing with Relative Similarity in Clustering: An Indiscernibility Based Approach.
Feature Selection for Meta-learning.
Sequential Pattern Mining with Time Intervals.
Using Cluster-Based Sampling to Select Initial Training Set for Active Learning in Text Classification.
Scoring Method for Tumor Prediction from Microarray Data Using an Evolutionary Fuzzy Classifier.
RNBL-MN: A Recursive Naive Bayes Learner for Sequence Classification.
Intelligent Particle Swarm Optimization in Multi-objective Problems.
Distinguishing Causal and Acausal Temporal Relations.
Study of a Mixed Similarity Measure for Classification and Clustering.
Extracting and Explaining Biological Knowledge in Microarray Data.
Improving Rough Classifiers Using Concept Ontology.
Seabreeze Prediction Using Bayesian Networks.
An Efficient Algorithm of Frequent Connected Subgraph Extraction.
A Simple Dimensionality Reduction Technique for Fast Similarity Search in Large Time Series Databases.
Cyclic Pattern Kernels Revisited.
Prototype Generation Based on Instance Filtering and Averaging.
Extraction of Fuzzy Clusters from Weighted Graphs.
k-nearest Neighbor Classification on Spatial Data Streams Using P-trees.
epsilon-Tube Based Pattern Selection for Support Vector Machines.
Subspace Clustering of High Dimensional Spatial Data with Noises.
An Empirical Study on Dimensionality Optimization in Text Mining for Linguistic Knowledge Acquisition.
Efficient Discovery of Structural Motifs from Protein Sequences with Combination of Flexible Intra- and Inter-block Gap Constraints.
GEC: An Evolutionary Approach for Evolving Classifiers.
Iterative Clustering Analysis for Grouping Missing Data in Gene Expression Profiles.
Incremental Discovering Association Rules: A Concept Lattice Approach.
Feature Extraction and Classification System for Nonlinear and Online Data.
Concept Approximation in Concept Lattice.
Rule Reduction over Numerical Attributes in Decision Tree Using Multilayer Perceptron.
Extracting Citation Metadata from Online Publication Lists Using BLAST.
A Clustering Validity Assessment Index.
A Visual Method of Cluster Validation with Fastmap.
CCMine: Efficient Mining of Confidence-Closed Correlated Patterns.
Pruning Derivative Partial Rules During Impact Rule Discovery.
Predicting Protein Interactions in Human by Homologous Interactions in Yeast.
A DNA Index Structure Using Frequency and Position Information of Genetic Alphabet.
Mining Quantitative Maximal Hyperclique Patterns: A Summary of Results.
Optimization of Fuzzy Rules for Classification Using Genetic Algorithm.
Mining of Web-Page Visiting Patterns with Continuous-Time Markov Models.
Technology Trends Analysis from the Internet Resources.
Can We Apply Projection Based Frequent Pattern Mining Paradigm to Spatial Co-location Mining?
Finding Sporadic Rules Using Apriori-Inverse.
An Optimization Problem in Data Cube System Design.
Mining Interesting Imperfectly Sporadic Rules.
Retrieval Based on Language Model with Relative Entropy and Feedback.
Mining E-Commerce Data: The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
Exception Rule Mining with a Relative Interestingness Measure.
Bias-Free Hypothesis Evaluation in Multirelational Domains.
Mining Mobile Group Patterns: A Trajectory-Based Approach.
Empirical Results on Data Dimensionality Reduction Using the Divided Self-Organizing Map.
Automatic Visualization Method for Visual Data Mining.
Clustering Large Categorical Data.
A Novel Indexing Approach for Efficient and Fast Similarity Search of Captured Motions.
Basket Analysis for Graph Structured Data.
Rough-Set Inspired Approach to Knowledge Discovery in Business Databases.
Improving Generalization Ability of Self-Generating Neural Networks Through Ensemble Averaging.
Exploring Potential of Leave-One-Out Estimator for Calibration of SVM in Text Mining.
Discovering Protein Functional Models Using Inductive Logic Programming.
Approximated Clustering of Distributed High-Dimensional Data.
Finding Frequent Subgraphs from Graph Structured Data with Geometric Information and Its Application to Lossless Compression.
An EM-Approach for Clustering Multi-Instance Objects.
Empirical Study of Recommender Systems Using Linear Classifiers.
Direct and Incremental Computing of Maximal Covering Rules.
Learning User Preferences on the WEB.
Generalized Disjunction-Free Representation of Frequents Patterns with at Most Negations.
Incompleteness in Data Mining.
Representative Association Rules.
Using Rough Sets for Knowledge Discovery in the Development of a Decision Support System for Issuing Smog Alerts.
Association Rules in Incomplete Databases.
Providing Diversity in K-Nearest Neighbor Query Results.
Support Oriented Discovery of Generalized Disjunction-Free Representation of Frequent Patterns with Negation.
A Likelihood Ratio Distance Measure for the Similarity Between the Fourier Transform of Time Series.
Concise Representation of Frequent Patterns Based on Generalized Disjunction-Free Generators.
Meta-learning Models for Automatic Textual Document Categorization.
Analysis of Company Growth Data Using Genetic Algorithms on Binary Trees.
A Method for Aggregating Partitions, Applications in K.D.D.
A Tree-Based Approach to the Discovery of Diagnostic Biomarkers for Ovarian Cancer.
Pruning Redundant Association Rules Using Maximum Entropy Principle.
Mining Patterns of Dyspepsia Symptoms Across Time Points Using Constraint Association Rules.
Frequent Itemset Counting Across Multiple Tables.
Subgroup Discovery Techniques and Applications.
Time-Series Prediction with Cloud Models in DMKD.
Adaptive Boosting for Spatial Functions with Unstable Driving Attributes.
Detecting Citation Types Using Finite-State Machines.
Discovering Structure from Document Databases.
Combining Classifiers with Multi-representation of Context in Word Sense Disambiguation.
Mining Maximal Correlated Member Clusters in High Dimensional Database.
Association-Based Dissimilarity Measures for Categorical Data: Limitation and Improvement.
An Adaptive Intrusion Detection Algorithm Based on Clustering and Kernel-Method.
A General Coding Method for Error-Correcting Output Codes.
iJADE eMiner - A Web-Based Mining Agent Based on Intelligent Java Agent Development Environment (iJADE) on Internet Shopping.
Mining Unexpected Associations for Signalling Potential Adverse Drug Reactions from Administrative Health Databases.
An Alternative Methodology for Mining Seasonal Pattern Using Self-Organizing Map.
On Robust and Effective K-Anonymity in Large Databases.
Efficient Graph-Based Algorithm for Discovering and Maintaining Knowledge in Large Databases.
A Framework for Incorporating Class Priors into Discriminative Classification.
Progressive Weighted Miner: An Efficient Method for Time-Constraint Mining.
Micro Similarity Queries in Time Series Database.
Missing Value Estimation Based on Dynamic Attribute Selection.
Distribution Discovery: Local Analysis of Temporal Rules.
Multi-level Clustering and Reasoning about Its Clusters Using Region Connection Calculus.
Ranking Outliers Using Symmetric Neighborhood Relationship.
Patterns of Influence in a Recommendation Network.
A New Sequential Mining Approach to XML Document Similarity Computation.
Mining Association Rules with Linguistic Cloud Models.
Making Use of the Most Expressive Jumping Emerging Patterns for Classification.
Identifying Markov Blankets Using Lasso Estimation.
USAID: Unifying Signature-Based and Anomaly-Based Intrusion Detection.
Learning Bayesian Networks Structures from Incomplete Data: An Efficient Approach Based on Extended Evolutionary Programming.
Considering Correlation between Variables to Improve Spatiotemporal Forecasting.
Efficient Constraint-Based Exploratory Mining on Large Data Cubes.
Spectral Analysis of Text Collection for Similarity-Based Clustering.
Combining the Strength of Pattern Frequency and Distance for Classification.
Mining Optimal Class Association Rule Set.
Applying Association Rules for Interesting Recommendations Using Rule Templates.
Spectral Energy Minimization for Semi-supervised Learning.
Semi-supervised Learning in Medical Image Database.
Data Mining Proxy: Serving Large Number of Users for Efficient Frequent Itemset Mining.
Cluster-Based Rough Set Construction.
SETRED: Self-training with Editing.
Image Classification Via LZ78 Based String Kernel: A Comparative Study.
Adaptive Generalized Estimation Equation with Bayes Classifier for the Job Assignment Problem.
Generating Concept Hierarchies/Networks: Mining Additional Semantics in Relational Data.
Data Mining: Granular Computing Approach.
A Function-Based Classifier Learning Scheme Using Genetic Programming.
Variable Support Mining of Frequent Itemsets over Data Streams Using Synopsis Vectors.
DELISP: Efficient Discovery of Generalized Sequential Patterns by Delimited Pattern-Growth Technology.
Temporal Data Mining Using Hidden Markov-Local Polynomial Models.
Attribute Transformations on Numerical Databases. Applications to Stock Market and Economic Data.
A Characterized Rating Recommend System.
A New Mechanism of Mining Network Behavior.
A Confidence-Lift Support Specification for Interesting Associations Mining.
A MPAA-Based Iterative Clustering Algorithm Augmented by Nearest Neighbors Search for Time-Series Data Streams.
Value Added Association Rules.
Self-adaptive Two-Phase Support Vector Clustering for Multi-Relational Data Mining.
Toward Bayesian Classifiers with Accurate Probabilities.
Dynamic Category Profiling for Text Filtering and Classification.
Boosting Prediction Accuracy on Imbalanced Datasets with SVM Ensembles.
Mining Sequence Patterns from Wind Tunnel Experimental Data for Flight Control.
A Data Mining Approach for Query Refinement.
Visually Aided Exploration of Interesting Association Rules.
A Two-Phase Algorithm for Fast Discovery of High Utility Itemsets.
Hardware Enhanced Mining for Association Rules.
Efficient Search of Reliable Exceptions.
Identifying Relevant Databases for Multidatabase Mining.
Improved Self-splitting Competitive Learning Algorithm.
Variable Randomness in Decision Tree Ensembles.
Maximizing Tree Diversity by Building Complete-Random Decision Trees.
Towards Efficient Data Re-mining (DRM).
Active Feature Selection Using Classes.
Dynamic Mining Hierarchical Topic from Web News Stream Data Using Divisive-Agglomerative Clustering Method.
Locating Motifs in Time-Series Data.
A New Data Mining Method Using Organizational Coevolutionary Mechanism.
Step-by-Step Regression: A More Efficient Alternative for Polynomial Multiple Linear Regression in Stream Cube.
Ordered Estimation of Missing Values.
Online Algorithms for Mining Inter-stream Associations from Large Sensor Networks.
Improvements of IncSpan: Incremental Mining of Sequential Patterns in Large Database.
Semantic Expectation-Based Causation Knowledge Extraction: A Study on Hong Kong Stock Movement Analysis.
PatZip: Pattern-Preserved Spatial Data Compression.
Seamless Integration of Data Mining with DBMS and Applications.
Constraint-Based Graph Clustering through Node Sequencing and Partitioning.
Position Coded Pre-order Linked WAP-Tree for Web Log Sequential Pattern Mining.
Clustering Web Sessions by Levels of Page Similarity.
CFMD: A Conflict-Free Multivariate Discretization Algorithm.
A Multiclass Classification Method Based on Output Design.
Parallel Randomized Support Vector Machine.
A Toolbox Approach to Flexible and Efficient Data Mining.
Knowledge Discovery in SportsFinder: An Agent to Extract Sports Results from the Web.
Covariance and PCA for Categorical Variables.
Conditional Random Fields for Transmembrane Helix Prediction.
Rules Discovery from Cross-Sectional Short-Length Time Series.
Multiple Databases, Partial Reasoning, and Knowledge Discovery.
Combining Clustering with Moving Sequential Pattern Mining: A Novel and Efficient Technique.
Design Recovery with Data Mining Techniques.
Characteristic Rule Induction Algorithm for Data Mining.
Optimized Clustering for Anomaly Intrusion Detection.
Adjusting Mixture Weights of Gaussian Mixture Model via Regularized Probabilistic Latent Semantic Analysis.
Compact Dual Ensembles for Active Learning.
Real Time Video Data Mining for Surveillance Video Streams.
Data Allocation Algorithm for Parallel Association Rule Discovery.
Peculiarity Oriented Analysis in Multi-people Tracking Images.
Discovering Numeric Association Rules via Evolutionary Algorithm.
Efficient Detection of Local Interactions in the Cascade Model.
Adaptive Clustering for Network Intrusion Detection.
Extension of Graph-Based Induction for General Graph Structured Data.
Secure Association Rule Sharing.
Sentiment Classification Using Word Sub-sequences and Dependency Sub-trees.
Minimum Message Length Segmentation.
Mining Structured Association Patterns from Databases.
Mining Relationship Graphs for Effective Business Objectives.
Bayesian Sequence Learning for Predicting Protein Cleavage Points.
Increasing Classification Accuracy by Combining Adaptive Sampling and Convex Pseudo-Data.
A Lazy Model-Based Algorithm for On-Line Classification.
Bayesian Classification Trees with Overlapping Leaves Applied to Credit-Scoring.
Efficient Mining of Emerging Events in a Dynamic Spatiotemporal Environment.
Electricity Based External Similarity of Categorical Attributes.
Domain Knowledge Extracting in a Chinese Natural Language Interface to Databases: NChiql.
AutoSplit: Fast and Scalable Discovery of Hidden Variables in Stream and Multimedia Databases.
Uncovering the Hierarchical Structure of Text Archives by Using an Unsupervised Neural Network with Adaptive Architecture.
Similarity-Based Sparse Feature Extraction Using Local Manifold Learning.
Inductive Databases and Knowledge Scouts.
Large Scale Unstructured Document Classification Using Unlabeled Data and Syntactic Information.
Separating Structure from Interestingness.
Data Mining - a Rough Set Perspective.
Dynamic Fuzzy Clustering for Recommender Systems.
The CLARET Algorithm.
Hierarchical Clustering Based on Mathematical Optimization.
Mining Access Patterns Efficiently from Web Logs.
Machine Learning for Analyzing Human Brain Function.
Text Classification for DAG-Structured Categories.
Predictive Self-Organizing Networks for Text Categorization.
Extraction of Tag Tree Patterns with Contractible Variables from Irregular Semistructured Data.
Finding Consensus Patterns in Very Scarce Biosequence Samples from Their Minimal Multiple Generalizations.
Mining Term Association Rules for Heuristic Query Construction.
Discovery of Frequent Tag Tree Patterns in Semistructured Web Documents.
Interactive Visualization in Mining Large Decision Trees.
Mining Top-K Frequent Closed Itemsets Is Not in APX.
Discovery of Maximally Frequent Tag Tree Patterns with Contractible Variables from Semistructured Documents.
A Scalable Algorithm for Rule Post-pruning of Large Decision Trees.
Induction as Pre-processing.
Polynomial Time Matching Algorithms for Tree-Like Structured Patterns in Knowledge Discovery.
Using Consensus Susceptibility and Consistency Measures for Inconsistent Knowledge Management.
A Graph-Based Optimization Algorithm for Website Topology Using Interesting Association Rules.
Discovery of Frequent Tree Structured Patterns in Semistructured Web Documents.
ADenTS: An Adaptive Density-Based Tree Structure for Approximating Aggregate Queries over Real Attributes.
A Semi-supervised Algorithm for Pattern Discovery in Information Extraction from Textual Data.
KD-FGS: A Knowledge Discovery System from Graph Data Using Formal Graph System.
Contextual Text Representation for Unsupervised Discovery in Texts.
A Single Index Approach for Time-Series Subsequence Matching That Supports Moving Average Transform of Arbitrary Order.
Event Mining with Event Processing Networks.
Scalable Hierarchical Clustering Method for Sequences of Categorical Values.
Optimizing the Induction of Alternating Decision Trees.
Computer Assisted Discovery of First Principle Equations from Numeric Data (Abstract).
Learning Rules to Extract Protein Interactions from Biomedical Text.
A Concurrent Approach to the Key-Preserving Attribute-Oriented Induction Method.
Achieving Private Recommendations Using Randomized Response Techniques.
Mining Frequent Trees with Node-Inclusion Constraints.
A Vector Field Visualization Technique for Self-organizing Maps.
Speeding-Up Hierarchical Agglomerative Clustering in Presence of Expensive Metrics.
Constructing Decision Trees for Graph-Structured Data by Chunkingless Graph-Based Induction.
Predicting Web Requests Efficiently Using a Probability Model.
Accuracy Tuning on Combinatorial Neural Model.
XCLS: A Fast and Effective Clustering Algorithm for Heterogenous XML Documents.
Parallel FP-Growth on PC Cluster.
The Evolution of Causal Models: A Comparison of Bayesian Metrics and Structure Priors.
Parallel SQL Based Association Rule Mining on Large Scale PC Cluster: Performance Comparison with Directly Coded C Implementation.
Convex Hulls in Concept Induction.
Treatment of Missing Values for Association Rules.
Mining Frequent Episodes for Relating Financial Events and Stock Trends.
The Changing Face of Web Search.
M-FastMap: A Modified FastMap Algorithm for Visual Cluster Validation in Data Mining.
Naviz : Website Navigational Behavior Visualizer.
Data-Mining Massive Time Series Astronomical Data Sets - A Case Study.
On the Efficiency of Association-Rule Mining Algorithms.
Text-Source Discovery and Update in a Dynamic Web.
Reducing Rule Covers with Deterministic Error Bounds.
Efficient Algorithms for Concept Space Construction.
Cl-GBI: A Novel Approach for Extracting Typical Patterns from Graph-Structured Data.
Logistic Regression and Boosting for Labeled Bags of Instances.
Extending the Applicability of Association Rules.
Topic Detection, Tracking, and Trend Analysis Using Self-Organizing Neural Networks.
Considering Re-occurring Features in Associative Classifiers.
Discovery of Equations and the Shared Operational Semantics in Distributed Autonomous Databases.
A Novel Bit Level Time Series Representation with Implication of Similarity Search and Clustering.
Robust Ensemble Learning for Data Mining.
Predicting Protein Structural Class from Closed Protein Sequences.
Automatic Labeling of Self-Organizing Maps: Making a Treasure-Map Reveal Its Secrets.
Minimum Message Length Criterion for Second-Order Polynomial Model Disovery.
Exploiting Recurring Usage Patterns to Enhance Filesystem and Memory Subsystem Performance.
Comparison of Documents Classification Techniques to Classify Medical Reports.
Discovery of Relevant Weights by Minimizing Cross-Validation Error.
Automatic Extraction of Clusters from Hierarchical Clustering Representations.
Perspective on Data Mining from Statistical Viewpoints.
Stochastic Local Clustering for Massive Graphs.
Conceptual Mining of Large Administrative Health Data.
Frequent Itemset Mining with Parallel RDBMS.
Mining the Customer's Up-To-Moment Preferences for E-commerce Recommendation.
Evolutionary Approach for Mining Association Rules on Dynamic Databases.
Mining Regression Rules and Regression Trees.
Preserve Discovered Linguistic Patterns Valid in Volatility Data Environment.
A New Restricted Bayesian Network Classifier.
An Induction Algorithm Based on Fuzzy Logic Programming.
Extraction of Frequent Few-Overlapped Monotone DNF Formulas with Depth-First Pruning.
Fast Pattern Selection for Support Vector Classifiers.
Mining Algorithms for Sequential Patterns in Parallel: Hash Based Approach.
Extracting Predictors of Corporate Bankruptcy: Empirical Study on Data Mining Methods.
Improved Bayesian Spam Filtering Based on Co-weighted Multi-area Information.
A Metric Approach to Building Decision Trees Based on Goodman-Kruskal Association Index.
Generalized Conditional Entropy and a Metric Splitting Criterion for Decision Trees.
An Algorithm for Constrained Association Rule Mining in Semi-structured Data.
Information Granules for Spatial Reasoning.
An Automatic Unsupervised Querying Algorithm for Efficient Information Extraction in Biomedical Domain.
An Efficient Framework for Mining Flexible Constraints.
Condensed Representation of Emerging Patterns.
Visualization of Cluster Changes by Comparing Self-organizing Maps.
Privacy Preserving Data Mining: Challenges and Opportunities.
Weighted Intra-transactional Rule Mining for Database Intrusion Detection.
A Case for Analytical Customer Relationship Management.
Wavelet Transform in Similarity Paradigm.
A Fast Clustering Process for Outliers and Remainder Clusters.
FISA: Feature-Based Instance Selection for Imbalanced Text Classification.
Finding Negative Event-Oriented Patterns in Long Temporal Sequences.
Finding Temporal Features of Event-Oriented Patterns.
Finding Event-Oriented Patterns in Long Temporal Sequences.
Distributed Pattern Discovery in Multiple Streams.
Prediction Rule Discovery Based on Dynamic Bias Selection.
Evaluating Hypothesis-Driven Exception-Rule Discovery with Medical Data Sets.
Automatic Occupation Coding with Combination of Machine Learning and Hand-Crafted Rules.
Feature Selection for High Dimensional Face Image Using Self-organizing Maps.
IMB3-Miner: Mining Induced/Embedded Subtrees by Constraining the Level of Embedding.
Adding Personality to Information Clustering.
Predictive Adaptive Resonance Theory and Knowledge Discovery in Databases.
Enhancing Effectiveness of Outlier Detections for Low Density Patterns.
Feature Selection Algorithm for Data with Both Nominal and Continuous Features.
Mining Functional Dependency Rule of Relational Database.
A Data Pre-processing Method Using Association Rules of Attributes for Improving Decision Tree.
A New Evolutionary Neural Network Classifier.
Mining Negative Rules Using GRD.
Data Mining for Surveillance Applications.
Learning Bayesian Networks with Hidden Variables Using the Combination of EM and Evolutionary Algorithms.
ParaDualMiner: An Efficient Parallel Implementation of the DualMiner Algorithm.
Improving the Performance of Boosting for Naive Bayesian Classification.
Improved Rule Discovery Performance on Uncertainty.
Hyperlink-Aware Mining and Analysis of the Web.
A Wavelet Analysis Based Data Processing for Time Series of Data Mining Predicting.
Efficient and Comprehensible Local Regression.
Predicting Rare Extreme Values.
Data Mining of Gene Expression Microarray via Weighted Prefix Trees.
An Efficient Approach for Incremental Association Rule Mining.
Generating Frequent Patterns with the Frequent Pattern List.
Efficiently Mining Gene Expression Data via Integrated Clustering and Validation Techniques.
A Novel Parameter-Less Clustering Method for Mining Gene Expression Data.
LRTree: A Hybrid technique for Classifying Myocardial Infarction Data Containing Unknown Attribute Values.
Evaluation of Attribute-Aware Recommender System Algorithms on Data with Varying Characteristics.
Rule Extraction from Prediction Models.
Automated Discovery of Plausible Rules Based on Rough Sets and Rough Inclusion.
Rule Discovery in Databases with Missing Values Based on Rough Set Model.
COE: Clustering with Obstacles Entities. A Preliminary Study.
Voting Fuzzy k-NN to Predict Protein Subcellular Localization from Normalized Amino Acid Pair Compositions.
Determining Progression in Glaucoma Using Visual Fields.
Finding Frequent Structural Features among Words in Tree-Structured Documents.
Trends and Challenges in the Industrial Applications of KDD.
TRIPPER: Rule Learning Using Taxonomies.
A Classification and Relationship Extraction Scheme for Raltional Databases Based on Fuzzy Logic.
Comparison of Tree Based Methods on Mammography Data.
Feature Mining and Mapping of Collinear Data.
Importance of Individual Variables in the k -Means Algorithm.
Generalised RBF Networks Trained Using an IBL Algorithm for Mining Symbolic Data.
Performance Controlled Data Reduction for Knowledge Discovery in Distributed Databases.
Characterization of Default Knowledge in Ripple Down Rules Method.
Knowledge Acquisition from Both Human Expert and Data.
Efficient Sampling: Application to Image Data.
On Application of Rough Data Mining Methods to Automatic Construction of Student Models.
User-Defined Association Mining.
DBRS: A Density-Based Spatial Clustering Method with Random Sampling.
Efficient Pattern-Growth Methods for Frequent Tree Pattern Mining.
Collecting Topic-Related Web Pages for Link Structure Analysis by Using a Potential Hub and Authority First Approach.
The S-Tree : An Index Structure for Subsequence Matching of Spatial Objects.
Improved Negative-Border Online Mining Approaches.
Top Down FP-Growth for Association Rule Mining.
Using Term Clustering and Supervised Term Affinity Construction to Boost Text Classification.
Sustainability Knowledge Mining from Human Development Database.
Selective Augmented Bayesian Network Classifiers Based on Rough Set Theory.
Mining Association Rules for Estimation and Prediction.
Construction of Finite Automata for Intrusion Detection from System Call Sequences by Genetic Algorithms.
HOT: Hypergraph-Based Outlier Test for Categorical Data.
Modelling Decision Tables from Data.
Evolutionary Hot Spots Data Mining - An Architecture for Exploring for Interesting Discoveries.
On Multiple Query Optimization in Data Mining.
A Novel Indexing Method for Efficient Sequence Matching in Large DNA Database Environment.
ISM: Item Selection for Marketing with Cross-Selling Considerations.
Extracting and Summarizing Hot Item Features Across Different Auction Web Sites.
Kernels over Relational Algebra Structures.
Kernels on Lists and Sets over Relational Algebra: An Application to Classification of Protein Fingerprints.
An Analysis of Quantitative Measures Associated with Rules.
Formal Approach and Automated Tool for Translating ER Schemata into OWL Ontologies.
Privacy-Preserving SVM Classification on Vertically Partitioned Data.
A Machine Learning Application for Human Resource Data Mining Problem.
Neighborhood Density Method for Selecting Initial Cluster Centers in K-Means Clustering.
A New Clustering Algorithm for Transaction Data via Caucus.
A Systematic Study of Parameter Correlations in Large Scale Duplicate Document Detection.
Rule Generalization by Condition Combination.
Improving Performance of Decision Tree Algorithms with Multi-edited Nearest Neighbor Rule.
BRRA: A Based Relevant Rectangles Algorithm for Mining Relationships in Databases.
COMET: Event-Driven Clustering over Multiple Evolving Streams.
A Divide and Conquer Approach for Deriving Partially Ordered Sub-structures.
Mining Interesting Association Rules: A Data Mining Language.
Summarization of Spacecraft Telemetry Data by Extracting Significant Temporal Patterns.
User Profiling for Intrusion Detection Using Dynamic and Static Behavioral Models.
One-Class Support Vector Machines for Recommendation Tasks.
Further Applications of a Particle Visualization Framework.
AGRID: An Efficient Algorithm for Clustering Large High-Dimensional Datasets.
Dynamic Cluster Formation Using Level Set Methods.
Multimedia Semantics Integration Using Linguistic Model.
LGen - A Lattice-Based Candidate Set Generation Algorithm for I/O Efficient Association Rule Mining.
Efficient Utilization of Materialized Views in a Data Warehouse.
An Efficient Algorithm for Dense Regions Discovery from Large-Scale Data Streams.
Automatic Hypertext Construction through a Text Mining Approach by Self-Organizing Maps.
Clustering Large Collection of Biomedical Literature Based on Ontology-Enriched Bipartite Graph Representation and Mutual Refinement Strategy.
Heterogeneous Information Integration in Hierarchical Text Classification.
Mining Time-Profiled Associations: An Extended Abstract.
H-Rule Mining in Heterogeneous Databases.
Weighted Proportional k-Interval Discretization for Naive-Bayes Classifiers.
Discovering Conceptual Differences among Different People via Diverse Structures.
CL V: A Feature Subset Selection Technique for Multivariate Time Series.
A Language and a Visual Interface to Specify Complex Spatial Patterns.
On Information-Theoretic Measures of Attribute Importance.
Patterns Discovery Based on Time-Series Decomposition.
On Association, Similarity and Dependency of Attributes.
Graph Partition Model for Robust Temporal Data Segmentation.
Mining of Evolving Data Streams with Privacy Preservation.
Fast Discovery of Interesting Rules.
Mining Web Transaction Patterns in an Electronic Commerce Environment.
WLPMiner: Weighted Frequent Pattern Mining with Length-Decreasing Support Constraints.
An Integrated System of Mining HTML Texts and Filtering Structured Documents.
Using Self-Consistent Naive-Bayes to Detect Masquerades.
On Data Clustering Analysis: Scalability, Constraints, and Validation.
Sequential Index Structure for Content-Based Retrieval.
Knowledge Discovery in Discretionary Legal Domains.
Neighbor Line-Based Locally Linear Embedding.
Association Rules.
Comparison of the Performance of Center-Based Clustering Algorithms.
Building Behaviour Knowledge Space to Make Classification Decision.
A Non-parametric Wavelet Feature Extractor for Time Series Classification.
Correlation Analysis of Spatial Time Series Datasets: A Filter-and-Refine Approach.
Enhancing Duplicate Collection Detection Through Replica Boundary Discovery.
Efficient Algorithms for Incremental Update of Frequent Sequences.
FFS - An I/O-Efficient Algorithm for Mining Frequent Sequences.
An Improved Learning Algorithm for Augmented Naive Bayes.
Adaptive Nonlinear Auto-Associative Modeling Through Manifold Learning.
Rule Extraction from Trained Support Vector Machines.
A Kernel Function Method in Clustering.
Is Frequency Enough for Decision Makers to Make Decisions?.
Neural Network Based Classifers for a Vast Amount of Data.
Performance Measurements for Privacy Preserving Data Mining.
DRC-BK: Mining Classification Rules with Help of SVM.
Cleopatra: Evolutionary Pattern-Based Clustering of Web Usage Data.
Wed: An Integrated Multigraph Cut-Based Approach for Detecting Events from a Website.
Regularized Semi-supervised Classification on Manifold.
A Recent-Biased Dimension Reduction Technique for Time Series Data.
Towards Automated Design of Large-Scale Circuits by Combining Evolutionary Design with Data Mining.
Scaling Up the Rule Generation of C4.5.
Classifying Unseen Cases with Many Missing Values.
WebFrame: In Pursuit of Computationally and Cognitively Efficient Web Mining.
Stochastic Attribute Selection Committees with Aultiple Boosting: Learning More Accurate and More Stable Classifer Committees.
When to Update the Sequential Patterns of Stream Data?
Intelligent Sequential Mining Via Alignment: Optimization Techniques for Very Large DB.
Mining Interesting Rules in Meningitis Data by Cooperatively Using GDT-RS and RSBR.
Data Mining Based on the Generalization Distribution Table and Rough Sets.
Peculiarity Oriented Mining and Its Application for Knowledge Discovery in Amino-Acid Data.
A Fast Algorithm for Density-Based Clustering in Large Database.
Incremental Mining of Schema for Semistructured Data.
Combining Smooth Graphs with Semi-supervised Classification.
A Hybrid Approach to Clustering in Very Large Databases.
On the Size of Training Set and the Benefit from Ensemble.
Combining Sampling Technique with DBSCAN Algorithm for Clustering Large Spatial Databases.
A Neighborhood-Based Clustering Algorithm.
Hidden Space Principal Component Analysis.
An Improved Definition of Multidimensional Inter-transaction Association Rule.
OBE: Outlier by Example.
The Data-Mining and the Technology af Agents to Fight the Illicit Electronic Messages.
Multi-represented Classification Based on Confidence Estimation.
Data Mining Using Relational Database Management Systems.
Accurate Symbolization of Time Series.
A Multi-Hierarchical Representation for Similarity Measurement of Time Series.
Application of Hybrid Pattern Recognition for Discriminating Paddy Seeds of Different Storage Periods Based on Vis/NIRS.
Discernibility System in Rough Sets.
Exploring Group Moving Pattern for an Energy-Constrained Object Tracking Sensor Network.
SNNB: A Selective Neighborhood Based Naïve Bayes for Lazy Learning.
Mining the Impact Factors of Threads and Participators on Usenet Using Link Analysis.
Multiscale BiLinear Recurrent Neural Network for Prediction of MPEG Video Traffic.
Mining Frequent Itemsets from Uncertain Data.
Syntactic Impact on Sentence Similarity Measure in Archive-Based QA System.
A Practical Method for Approximate Subsequence Search in DNA Databases.
Capability Enhancement of Probabilistic Neural Network for the Design of Breakwater Armor Blocks.
Keyword Extraction Based on PageRank.
An Effective Multi-level Algorithm Based on Ant Colony Optimization for Bisecting Graph.
Multi-modal and Multi-granular Learning.
Multidimensional Decision Support Indicator (mDSI) for Time Series Stock Trend Prediction.
Affection Factor Optimization in Data Field Clustering.
Kernel-Based Linear Neighborhood Propagation for Semantic Video Annotation.
A Novel Support Vector Machine Ensemble Based on Subtractive Clustering Analysis.
gPrune: A Constraint Pushing Framework for Graph Pattern Mining.
Finding the Real Patterns.
Feature Based Techniques for Auto-Detection of Novel Email Worms.
Understanding Research Field Evolving and Trend with Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
Clustering Ensembles Based on Normalized Edges.
Clustering Zebrafish Genes Based on Frequent-Itemsets and Frequency Levels.
Deriving Private Information from Arbitrarily Projected Data.
Mining Concept Associations for Knowledge Discovery Through Concept Chain Queries.
Privacy-Preserving Sequential Pattern Release.
Consistency Based Attribute Reduction.
K-Centers Algorithm for Clustering Mixed Type Data.
Anomaly Intrusion Detection Based on Dynamic Cluster Updating.
Qualitative Simulation and Reasoning with Feature Reduction Based on Boundary Conditional Entropy of Knowledge.
Supportive Utility of Irrelevant Features in Data Preprocessing.
Incremental Mining of Sequential Patterns Using Prefix Tree.
A Parallel Algorithm for Learning Bayesian Networks.
DLDA/QR: A Robust Direct LDA Algorithm for Face Recognition and Its Theoretical Foundation.
Incremental Clustering in Geography and Optimization Spaces.
An Advanced Fuzzy C-Mean Algorithm for Regional Clustering of Interconnected Systems.
An Effective Method For Calculating Natural Adjacency Relation in Spatial Database.
CCRM: An Effective Algorithm for Mining Commodity Information from Threaded Chinese Customer Reviews.
Proposion and Analysis of a TCP Feature of P2P Traffic.
On a New Class of Framelet Kernels for Support Vector Regression and Regularization Networks.
Estimation of Class Membership Probabilities in the Document Classification.
Evolution and Maintenance of Frequent Pattern Space When Transactions Are Removed.
L0-Constrained Regression for Data Mining.
An Information Retrieval Model Based on Semantics.
ANGEL: A New Effective and Efficient Hybrid Clustering Technique for Large Databases.
Approximate Trace of Grid-Based Clusters over High Dimensional Data Streams.
Feature Extraction and Classification of Tumor Based on Wavelet Package and Support Vector Machines.
Experiments on Kernel Tree Support Vector Machines for Text Categorization.
A Timing Analysis Model for Ontology Evolutions Based on Distributed Environments.
BRIM: An Efficient Boundary Points Detecting Algorithm.
A Fast Algorithm for Finding Correlation Clusters in Noise Data.
Density-Based Data Clustering Algorithms for Lower Dimensions Using Space-Filling Curves.
Finding the Optimal Feature Representations for Bayesian Network Learning.
Multiple Self-Splitting and Merging Competitive Learning Algorithm.
A Multiple Kernel Support Vector Machine Scheme for Simultaneous Feature Selection and Rule-Based Classification.
Geo-spatial Clustering with Non-spatial Attributes and Geographic Non-overlapping Constraint: A Penalized Spatial Distance Measure.
Identifying Synchronous and Asynchronous Co-regulations from Time Series Gene Expression Data.
Semantic Feature Selection for Object Discovery in High-Resolution Remote Sensing Imagery.
Concept Interconnection Based on Many-Valued Context Analysis.
Research Frontiers in Advanced Data Mining Technologies and Applications.
Quantum-Inspired Immune Clonal Multiobjective Optimization Algorithm.
Incorporating Prior Domain Knowledge into a Kernel Based Feature Selection Algorithm.
A Constrained Clustering Approach to Duplicate Detection Among Relational Data.
Temporal Relations Extraction in Mining Hepatitis Data.
Image Classification and Segmentation for Densely Packed Aggregates.
Embedding New Data Points for Manifold Learning Via Coordinate Propagation.
A New Initialization Method for Clustering Categorical Data.
Text Classification for Thai Medicinal Web Pages.
Structural Learning About Independence Graphs from Multiple Databases.
A Clustering Algorithm Based on Mechanics.
An Optimum Random Forest Model for Prediction of Genetic Susceptibility to Complex Diseases.
Entropy Regularization, Automatic Model Selection, and Unsupervised Image Segmentation.
Cross-Lingual Document Clustering.
Establishing Semantic Relationship in Inter-query Learning for Content-Based Image Retrieval Systems.
A Hybrid Multi-group Privacy-Preserving Approach for Building Decision Trees.
Discovering Correlated Items in Data Streams.
Efficiently Mining Closed Constrained Frequent Ordered Subtrees by Using Border Information.
Selecting a Reduced Set for Building Sparse Support Vector Regression in the Primal.
A Hybrid Prediction Method Combining RBF Neural Network and FAR Model.
A Machine Learning Approach to Detecting Instantaneous Cognitive States from fMRI Data.
AttributeNets: An Incremental Learning Method for Interpretable Classification.
A Hybrid Incremental Clustering Method-Combining Support Vector Machine and Enhanced Clustering by Committee Clustering Algorithm.
Resource Allocation and Scheduling Problem Based on Genetic Algorithm and Ant Colony Optimization.
Named Entity Recognition Using Acyclic Weighted Digraphs: A Semi-supervised Statistical Method.
Application of Discrimination Degree for Attributes Reduction in Concept Lattice.
Query Expansion Using a Collection Dependent Probabilistic Latent Semantic Thesaurus.
GBKII: An Imputation Method for Missing Values.
Combining Convolution Kernels Defined on Heterogeneous Sub-structures.
A Novel Spatial Clustering with Obstacles Constraints Based on Particle Swarm Optimization and K-Medoids.
Simultaneous Tuning of Hyperparameter and Parameter for Support Vector Machines.
Hierarchical Density-Based Clustering of Categorical Data and a Simplification.
A Region-Based Skin Color Detection Algorithm.
Density-Sensitive Evolutionary Clustering.
Towards Comprehensive Privacy Protection in Data Clustering.
Semi-structure Mining Method for Text Mining with a Chunk-Based Dependency Structure.
Mining Temporal Co-orientation Pattern from Spatio-temporal Databases.
Contrast Set Mining Through Subgroup Discovery Applied to Brain Ischaemina Data.
Weighted Rough Set Learning: Towards a Subjective Approach.
Supervised Learning Approach to Optimize Ranking Function for Chinese FAQ-Finder.
Principal Curves with Feature Continuity.
Centroid Neural Network with Bhattacharyya Kernel for GPDF Data Clustering.
Multiresolution-Based BiLinear Recurrent Neural Network.
Phase Space Reconstruction Based Classification of Power Disturbances Using Support Vector Machines.
Grammar Guided Genetic Programming for Flexible Neural Trees Optimization.
ProMail: Using Progressive Email Social Network for Spam Detection.
A Modified Relationship Based Clustering Framework for Density Based Clustering and Outlier Filtering on High Dimensional Datasets.
Class Noise vs Attribute Noise: Their Impacts, Detection and Cleansing.
A New Algorithm for Minimum Attribute Reduction Based on Binary Particle Swarm Optimization with Vaccination.
Graph Nodes Clustering Based on the Commute-Time Kernel.
A Rough Set Approach to Classifying Web Page Without Negative Examples.
Learning Bayesian Networks with Combination of MRMR Criterion and EMI Method.
Online Rare Events Detection.
A Novel Relative Space Based Gene Feature Extraction and Cancer Recognition.
Transformation-Based GMM with Improved Cluster Algorithm for Speaker Identification.
Reducing Overfitting in Predicting Intrinsically Unstructured Proteins.
- : Structured Workflow Process Mining Through Amalgamating Temporal Workcases.
Mining Personalization Interest and Navigation Patterns on Portal.
A New Approach for Similarity Queries of Biological Sequences in Databases.
Seeing Several Stars: A Rating Inference Task for a Document Containing Several Evaluation Criteria.
Automatic Training Example Selection for Scalable Unsupervised Record Linkage.
The Application of Echo State Network in Stock Data Mining.
A Framework for Modeling Positive Class Expansion with Single Snapshot.
Efficient Joint Clustering Algorithms in Optimization and Geography Domains.
SEM: Mining Spatial Events from the Web.
Efficient Mining of High Utility Itemsets from Large Datasets.
Term Committee Based Event Identification within News Topics.
Supporting Creativity: Towards Associative Discovery of New Insights.
Designing a System for a Process Parameter Determined through Modified PSO and Fuzzy Neural Network.
Concept Lattice-Based Mutation Control for Reactive Motifs Discovery.
Automatic Extraction of Basis Expressions That Indicate Economic Trends.
Modeling Anticipatory Event Transitions.
Combining Supervised and Semi-supervised Classifier for Personalized Spam Filtering.
QC4 - A Clustering Evaluation Method.
A Hybrid Command Sequence Model for Anomaly Detection.
A Unifying Method for Outlier and Change Detection from Data Streams Based on Local Polynomial Fitting.
Scaling Up Semi-supervised Learning: An Efficient and Effective LLGC Variant.
A Cooperative Coevolution Algorithm of RBFNN for Classification.
Incremental Learning of Support Vector Machines by Classifier Combining.
Using Social Annotations to Smooth the Language Model for IR.
Spectral Clustering Based Null Space Linear Discriminant Analysis (SNLDA).
On Privacy in Time Series Data Mining.
Person Name Disambiguation in Web Pages Using Social Network, Compound Words and Latent Topics.
Data-Aware Clustering Hierarchy for Wireless Sensor Networks.
G-TREACLE: A New Grid-Based and Tree-Alike Pattern Clustering Technique for Large Databases.
Constrained Clustering for Gene Expression Data Mining.
A Clustering-Oriented Star Coordinate Translation Method for Reliable Clustering Parameterization.
An Efficient Algorithm for Finding Similar Short Substrings from Large Scale String Data.
An Effective Gene Selection Method Based on Relevance Analysis and Discernibility Matrix.
Connectivity Based Stream Clustering Using Localised Density Exemplars.
Exploratory Hot Spot Profile Analysis Using Interactive Visual Drill-Down Self-Organizing Maps.
BOAI: Fast Alternating Decision Tree Induction Based on Bottom-Up Evaluation.
Graph Mining: Laws, Generators and Tools.
Fast k Most Similar Neighbor Classifier for Mixed Data Based on Approximating and Eliminating.
Relational Pattern Mining Based on Equivalent Classes of Properties Extracted from Samples.
ANEMI: An Adaptive Neighborhood Expectation-Maximization Algorithm with Spatial Augmented Initialization.
FIsViz: A Frequent Itemset Visualizer.
I/O Scalable Bregman Co-clustering.
Enriching WordNet with Folksonomies.
On Discrete Data Clustering.
Improving the Robustness to Outliers of Mixtures of Probabilistic PCAs.
Mining Bulletin Board Systems Using Community Generation.
Mining Changes in Patent Trends for Competitive Intelligence.
What Is Frequent in a Single Graph?.
Tracking Topic Evolution in On-Line Postings: 2006 IBM Innovation Jam Data.
On Addressing Accuracy Concerns in Privacy Preserving Association Rule Mining.
LCM over ZBDDs: Fast Generation of Very Large-Scale Frequent Itemsets Using a Compact Graph-Based Representation.
A New Model for Image Annotation.
Semi-Supervised Local Fisher Discriminant Analysis for Dimensionality Reduction.
Learning Classification Rules for Multiple Target Attributes.
Fighting WebSpam: Detecting Spam on the Graph Via Content and Link Features.
R-Map: Mapping Categorical Data for Clustering and Visualization Based on Reference Sets.
Handling Numeric Attributes in Hoeffding Trees.
Exploiting Propositionalization Based on Random Relational Rules for Semi-supervised Learning.
Cell-Based Outlier Detection Algorithm: A Fast Outlier Detection Algorithm for Large Datasets.
Unmixed Spectrum Clustering for Template Composition in Lung Sound Classification.
Customer Churn Time Prediction in Mobile Telecommunication Industry Using Ordinal Regression.
Tradeoff Analysis of Different Markov Blanket Local Learning Approaches.
A Framework for Discovering Spatio-temporal Cohesive Networks.
Active Learning with Misclassification Sampling Using Diverse Ensembles Enhanced by Unlabeled Instances.
Ambiguous Frequent Itemset Mining and Polynomial Delay Enumeration.
Multi-class Named Entity Recognition Via Bootstrapping with Dependency Tree-Based Patterns.
Efficient Algorithms for Mining Frequent and Closed Patterns from Semi-structured Data.
Fast Online Estimation of the Joint Probability Distribution.
Scaling Record Linkage to Non-uniform Distributed Class Sizes.
Semantic Video Annotation by Mining Association Patterns from Visual and Speech Features.
Forecasting Urban Air Pollution Using HMM-Fuzzy Model.
Structure-Based Hierarchical Transformations for Interactive Visual Exploration of Social Networks.
Efficient Mining of Minimal Distinguishing Subgraph Patterns from Graph Databases.
Discovering New Orders of the Chemical Elements through Genetic Algorithms.
Minimum Variance Associations - Discovering Relationships in Numerical Data.
A Tree-Based Approach for Frequent Pattern Mining from Uncertain Data.
Mining Quality-Aware Subspace Clusters.
Jumping Emerging Patterns with Occurrence Count in Image Classification.
Mining Non-coincidental Rules without a User Defined Support Threshold.
Transaction Clustering Using a Seeds Based Approach.
Forward Semi-supervised Feature Selection.
A Minimal Description Length Scheme for Polynomial Regression.
Large-Scale k-Means Clustering with User-Centric Privacy Preservation.
A Simple Characterization on Serially Constructible Episodes.
A Cluster-Based Genetic-Fuzzy Mining Approach for Items with Multiple Minimum Supports.
Sparse Kernel-Based Feature Weighting.
A Decomposition Algorithm for Learning Bayesian Network Structures from Data.
A Decremental Approach for Mining Frequent Itemsets from Uncertain Data.
Mining a Complete Set of Both Positive and Negative Association Rules from Large Databases.
Prospective Scientific Methodology in Knowledge Society.
Feature Selection by Nonparametric Bayes Error Minimization.
Extreme Support Vector Machine Classifier.
Mining Correlated Subgraphs in Graph Databases.
Analyzing PETs on Imbalanced Datasets When Training and Testing Class Distributions Differ.
CP-Tree: A Tree Structure for Single-Pass Frequent Pattern Mining.
Characteristic-Based Descriptors for Motion Sequence Recognition.
Using Ontology-Based User Preferences to Aggregate Rank Lists in Web Search.
Protecting Privacy in Incremental Maintenance for Distributed Association Rule Mining.
Local Projection in Jumping Emerging Patterns Discovery in Transaction Databases.
Rule Extraction with Rough-Fuzzy Hybridization Method.
Using Supervised and Unsupervised Techniques to Determine Groups of Patients with Different Doctor-Patient Stability.
Entity Network Prediction Using Multitype Topic Models.
Learning User Purchase Intent from User-Centric Data.
Towards Region Discovery in Spatial Datasets.
Cost-Sensitive Classifier Evaluation Using Cost Curves.
X-Tracking the Changes of Web Navigation Patterns.
Combined Association Rule Mining.
Accurate and Efficient Retrieval of Multimedia Time Series Data Under Uniform Scaling and Time Warping.
A More Topologically Stable Locally Linear Embedding Algorithm Based on R*-Tree.
Unsupervised Change Analysis Using Supervised Learning.
Applying Latent Semantic Indexing in Frequent Itemset Mining for Document Relation Discovery.
PAID: Packet Analysis for Anomaly Intrusion Detection.
A Comparison of Different Off-Centered Entropies to Deal with Class Imbalance for Decision Trees.
Text Categorization of Multilingual Web Pages in Specific Domain.
Locally Linear Online Mapping for Mining Low-Dimensional Data Manifolds.
Detecting Near-Duplicates in Large-Scale Short Text Databases.
A New Framework for Taxonomy Discovery from Text.
Query Expansion for the Language Modelling Framework Using the Naïve Bayes Assumption.
A New Credit Scoring Method Based on Rough Sets and Decision Tree.
Unusual Pattern Detection in High Dimensions.
A Selective Classifier for Incomplete Data.
SubClass: Classification of Multidimensional Noisy Data Using Subspace Clusters.
Combining Context and Existing Knowledge When Recognizing Biological Entities - Early Results.
Feature Construction Based on Closedness Properties Is Not That Simple.
Maintaining Optimal Multi-way Splits for Numerical Attributes in Data Streams.
Bootstrap Based Pattern Selection for Support Vector Regression.
Generation of Globally Relevant Continuous Features for Classification.
Evaluating Standard Techniques for Implicit Diversity.
An Efficient Unordered Tree Kernel and Its Application to Glycan Classification.
Privacy-Preserving Linear Fisher Discriminant Analysis.
Analyzing the Propagation of Influence and Concept Evolution in Enterprise Social Networks through Centrality and Latent Semantic Analysis.
UCI++: Improved Support for Algorithm Selection Using Datasetoids.
Online Feature Selection Algorithm with Bayesian l1 Regularization.
A Creditable Subspace Labeling Method Based on D-S Evidence Theory.
On Mining Rating Dependencies in Online Collaborative Rating Networks.
A Mixture Model for Expert Finding.
Pairwise Constrained Clustering for Sparse and High Dimensional Feature Spaces.
A Polynomial-Delay Polynomial-Space Algorithm for Extracting Frequent Diamond Episodes from Event Sequences.
Nonlinear Data Analysis Using a New Hybrid Data Clustering Algorithm.
Spanning Tree Based Attribute Clustering.
On Link Privacy in Randomizing Social Networks.
Interval Data Classification under Partial Information: A Chance-Constraint Approach.
Learning to Extract Relations for Relational Classification.
Item Preference Parameters from Grouped Ranking Observations.
Grouped ECOC Conditional Random Fields for Prediction of Web User Behavior.
CBDT: A Concept Based Approach to Data Stream Mining.
Extracting Fuzzy Rules for Detecting Ventricular Arrhythmias Based on NEWFM.
Computing Substitution Matrices for Genomic Comparative Analysis.
Addressing the Variability of Natural Language Expression in Sentence Similarity with Semantic Structure of the Sentences.
A Hybrid Approach to Improve Bilingual Multiword Expression Extraction.
Using Highly Expressive Contrast Patterns for Classification - Is It Worthwhile?.
Outlier Detection in Axis-Parallel Subspaces of High Dimensional Data.
A New Local Distance-Based Outlier Detection Approach for Scattered Real-World Data.
Information Extraction from Thai Text with Unknown Phrase Boundaries.
Robust Graph Hyperparameter Learning for Graph Based Semi-supervised Classification.
Clustering Documents Using a Wikipedia-Based Concept Representation.
Accurate Synthetic Generation of Realistic Personal Information.
COMUS: Ontological and Rule-Based Reasoning for Music Recommendation System.
A Kernel Framework for Protein Residue Annotation.
Variational Bayesian Approach for Long-Term Relevance Feedback.
Building a Text Classifier by a Keyword and Unlabeled Documents.
The Future of Search: An Online Content Perspective.
A Family-Based Evolutional Approach for Kernel Tree Selection in SVMs.
A Multi-resolution Approach for Atypical Behaviour Mining.
DTU: A Decision Tree for Uncertain Data.
Active Learning for Causal Bayesian Network Structure with Non-symmetrical Entropy.
Detecting Abnormal Events via Hierarchical Dirichlet Processes.
Negative Encoding Length as a Subjective Interestingness Measure for Groups of Rules.
A Nonparametric Bayesian Learning Model: Application to Text and Image Categorization.
A Data Driven Ensemble Classifier for Credit Scoring Analysis.
The Studies of Mining Frequent Patterns Based on Frequent Pattern Tree.
Approximate Spectral Clustering.
Data Mining for Intrusion Detection: From Outliers to True Intrusions.
Parameter Estimdation in Semi-Random Decision Tree Ensembling on Streaming Data.
A Corpus-Based Approach for Automatic Thai Unknown Word Recognition using Ensemble Learning Techniques.
Simultaneously Finding Fundamental Articles and New Topics Using a Community Tracking Method.
A Multi-partition Multi-chunk Ensemble Technique to Classify Concept-Drifting Data Streams.
Dynamic Exponential Family Matrix Factorization.
Effective Boosting of Naïve Bayesian Classifiers by Local Accuracy Estimation.
Diversity in Combinations of Heterogeneous Classifiers.
Boosting Biomedical Information Retrieval Performance through Citation Graph: An Empirical Study.
Aggregated Subset Mining.
Scalable Web Mining with Newistic.
Regularized Local Reconstruction for Clustering.
An Aggregate Ensemble for Mining Concept Drifting Data Streams with Noise.
Clustering with Lower Bound on Similarity.
Acquiring Semantic Relations Using the Web for Constructing Lightweight Ontologies.
Budget Semi-supervised Learning.
Cool Blog Classification from Positive and Unlabeled Examples.
KDD for BSN - Towards the Future of Pervasive Sensing.
Mining Outliers with Faster Cutoff Update and Space Utilization.
Transfer Learning Action Models by Measuring the Similarity of Different Domains.
A Novel Fractal Representation for Dimensionality Reduction of Large Time Series Data.
Spatial Weighting for Bag-of-Visual-Words and Its Application in Content-Based Image Retrieval.
Speeding Up Similarity Search on a Large Time Series Dataset under Time Warping Distance.
Meaningful Subsequence Matching under Time Warping Distance for Data Stream.
Towards a Novel Association Measure via Web Search Results Mining.
Estimating Optimal Feature Subsets Using Mutual Information Feature Selector and Rough Sets.
Hot Item Detection in Uncertain Data.
Thai Word Segmentation with Hidden Markov Model and Decision Tree.
A Discriminative Approach to Topic-Based Citation Recommendation.
Arif Index for Predicting the Classification Accuracy of Features and Its Application in Heart Beat Classification Problem.
Feature Selection for Local Learning Based Clustering.
Change Analysis in Spatial Data by Combining Contouring Algorithms with Supervised Density Functions.
CLHQS: Hierarchical Query Suggestion by Mining Clickthrough Log.
Tree-Based Method for Classifying Websites Using Extended Hidden Markov Models.
On Optimal Rule Mining: A Framework and a Necessary and Sufficient Condition of Antimonotonicity.
Discovering Periodic-Frequent Patterns in Transactional Databases.
Quantifying Asymmetric Semantic Relations from Query Logs by Resource Allocation.
Growth Analysis of Neighbor Network for Evaluation of Damage Progress.
Analysis of Variational Bayesian Matrix Factorization.
Application-Independent Feature Construction from Noisy Samples.
Similarity-Based Feature Selection for Learning from Examples with Continuous Values.
Finding Hidden Structures in Relational Databases.
RV-SVM: An Efficient Method for Learning Ranking SVM.
Mining Both Positive and Negative Impact-Oriented Sequential Rules from Transactional Data.
Sentence-Level Novelty Detection in English and Malay.
When does Co-training Work in Real Data?.
K-Dominant Skyline Computation by Using Sort-Filtering Method.
Romanization of Thai Proper Names Based on Popularity of Usages.
Emotion Recognition of Pop Music Based on Maximum Entropy with Priors.
The Effect of Varying Parameters and Focusing on Bus Travel Time Prediction.
Discovering Action Rules That Are Highly Achievable from Massive Data.
Exploiting the Block Structure of Link Graph for Efficient Similarity Computation.
An Efficient Approximate Protocol for Privacy-Preserving Association Rule Mining.
An Integration of Fuzzy Association Rules and WordNet for Document Clustering.
Text Categorization Using Fuzzy Proximal SVM and Distributional Clustering of Words.
Let's Tango - Finding the Right Couple for Feature-Opinion Association in Sentiment Analysis.
Efficient Privacy-Preserving Link Discovery.
Safe-Level-SMOTE: Safe-Level-Synthetic Minority Over-Sampling TEchnique for Handling the Class Imbalanced Problem.
An Efficient Method for Generating, Storing and Matching Features for Text Mining.
A Parallel Algorithm for Finding Related Pages in the Web by Using Segmented Link Structures.
Trace Mining from Distributed Assembly Databases for Causal Analysis.
Cross-Channel Query Recommendation on Commercial Mobile Search Engine: Why, How and Empirical Evaluation.
An Efficient Candidate Pruning Technique for High Utility Pattern Mining.
An Instantiation of Hierarchical Distance-Based Conceptual Clustering for Propositional Learning.
A Statistical Approach for Binary Vectors Modeling and Clustering.
Sparse Kernel Learning and the Relevance Units Machine.
An Online Incremental Learning Vector Quantization.
Clustering Data Streams in Optimization and Geography Domains.
Classification of Audio Signals Using a Bhattacharyya Kernel-Based Centroid Neural Network.
Centroid Neural Network with Spatial Constraints.
Detecting Link Hijacking by Web Spammers.
Multi-resolution Boosting for Classification and Regression Problems.
On Pairwise Kernels: An Efficient Alternative and Generalization Analysis.
A Comparative Study of Bandwidth Choice in Kernel Density Estimation for Naive Bayesian Classification.
Peak-Jumping Frequent Itemset Mining Algorithms.
Support Vectors for Reinforcement Learning.
A Kernel Based Method for Discovering Market Segments in Beef Meat.
A Skeleton-Based Approach to Learning Bayesian Networks from Data.
Cluster Aggregate Inequality and Multi-level Hierarchical Clustering.
Unsupervised Learning: Self-aggregation in Scaled Principal Component Space.
Image Access and Data Mining: An Approach.
Real-World Learning with Markov Logic Networks.
Ensembles of Balanced Nested Dichotomies for Multi-class Problems.
Decision Tree Toolkit: A Component-Based Library of Decision Tree Algorithms.
Tree - Decision Trees for Tree Structured Data.
Optimized Substructure Discovery for Semi-structured Data.
Don't Be Afraid of Simpler Patterns.
Efficient Statistical Pruning of Association Rules.
Reducing Data Stream Sliding Windows by Cyclic Tree-Like Histograms.
Random Matrices in Data Analysis.
Generating Dynamic Higher-Order Markov Models in Web Usage Mining.
An Innovative GA-Based Decision Tree Classifier in Large Scale Data Mining.
Finding Hierarchies of Subspace Clusters.
Discovery of Health Risks and Case-Based Forecasting of Epidemics in a Health Surveillance System.
Learning Right Sized Belief Networks by Means of a Hybrid Methodology.
Community Mining from Multi-relational Networks.
Self-Similar Layered Hidden Markov Models.
Mining All Non-derivable Frequent Itemsets.
From Knowledge-Based to Skill-Based Systems: Sailing as a Machine Learning Challenge.
Minimal -Free Representations of Frequent Sets.
On Temporal Evolution in Data Streams.
Integrating Pattern Mining in Relational Databases.
Taming Large Rule Models in Rough Set Approaches.
A Comparison of Batch and Incremental Supervised Learning Algorithms.
Data Privacy.
Data Mining in the Telecommunications Industry (Abstract).
Mining in the Phrasal Frontier.
Machine Learning for Natural Language Processing (and Vice Versa?).
Selective Propositionalization for Relational Learning.
Share Based Measures for Itemsets.
Automatic Text Summarization Using Unsupervised and Semi-supervised Learning.
A Genetic Algorithm-Based Solution for the Problem of Small Disjuncts.
A New and Versatile Method for Association Generation.
Shape and Size Regularization in Expectation Maximization and Fuzzy Clustering.
Interactive Visualization for Predictive Modelling with Decision Tree Induction.
Using Signature Files for Querying Time-Series Data.
Evaluating the Correlation Between Objective Rule Interestingness Measures and Real Human Interest.
Visual Mining of Spatial Time Series Data.
Discovering Unbounded Episodes in Sequential Data.
Fast Outlier Detection in High Dimensional Spaces.
An Adaptive Prequential Learning Framework for Bayesian Network Classifiers.
Mining Positive and Negative Association Rules: An Approach for Confined Rules.
Discovering Patterns in Real-Valued Time Series.
Detecting Driving Awareness.
Extended Functional Dependencies as a Basis for Linguistic Summaries.
Overcoming Fragmentation in Decision Trees Through Attribute Value Grouping.
Data Mining in Schizophrenia Research - Preliminary Analysis.
A Framework for Data Mining Pattern Management.
SD-Map - A Fast Algorithm for Exhaustive Subgroup Discovery.
Using Genetic Algorithms to Evolve a Rule Hierarchy.
-Anonymous Patterns.
Adaptive Active Classification of Cell Assay Images.
Circle Graphs: New Visualization Tools for Text-Mining.
Mr-SBC: A Multi-relational Naïve Bayes Classifier.
Fast Algorithms for Mining Emerging Patterns.
Spatial Associative Classification at Different Levels of Granularity: A Probabilistic Approach.
An Effective Recommender System for Highly Dynamic and Large Web Sites.
Knowledge Discovery with Qualitative Influences and Synergies.
Collaborative Filtering on Data Streams.
Breaking Through the Syntax Barrier: Searching with Entities and Relations.
Majority Classification by Means of Association Rules.
AutoPart: Parameter-Free Graph Partitioning and Outlier Detection.
Algorithms for Mining Share Frequent Itemsets Containing Infrequent Subsets.
Interactive Interpretation of Hierarchical Clustering.
A Unified and Flexible Framework for Comparing Simple and Complex Patterns.
Learning Parameters in Entity Relationship Graphs from Ranking Preferences.
Constructing (Almost) Phylogenetic Trees from Developmental Sequences Data.
Detecting Fraudulent Personalities in Networks of Online Auctioneers.
Discovering Task Neighbourhoods Through Landmark Learning Performances.
Rough Dependencies as a Particular Case of Correlation: Application to the Calculation of Approximative Reducts.
An Experiment on Knowledge Discovery in Chemical Databases.
Inductive Logic Programming in Clementine.
Biological Sequence Data Mining.
On the Discovery of Weak Periodicities in Large Time Series.
Sampling Strategies for Targeting Rare Groups from a Bank Customer Database.
Recognizing Reliability of Discovered Knowledge.
SMOTEBoost: Improving Prediction of the Minority Class in Boosting.
Discretization and Grouping: Preprocessing Steps for Data Mining.
Language Support for Temporal Data Mining.
Basis of Fuzzy Knowledge Discovery System.
Mining Temporal Features in Association Rules.
Data Analysis in the Life Sciences - Sparking Ideas -.
Iterative Data Squashing for Boosting Based on a Distribution-Sensitive Distance.
Applying Data Mining Techniques to Wafer Manufacturing.
Clustering Large, Multi-level Data Sets: An Apporach Based on Kohonen Self Organizing Maps.
SemanticTalk: Software for Visualizing Brainstorming Sessions and Thematic Concept Trails on Document Collections.
Trees and Induction Graphs for Multivariate Response.
Fuzzy Spatial OQL for Fuzzy Knowledge Discovery in Databases.
Knowledge Discovery in Multi-label Phenotype Data.
Bivariate Decision Trees.
TopCat: Data Mining for Topic Identification in a Text Corpus.
Interestingness is Not a Dichotomy: Introducing Softness in Constrained Pattern Mining.
Computing Association Rules Using Partial Totals.
Mining Time Series Using Rough Sets - A Case Study.
Finding Association Rules with Some Very Frequent Attributes.
Object Mining: A Practical Application of Data Mining for the Construction and Maintenance of Software Components.
The Improvement of Response Modeling: Combining Rule-Induction and Case-Based Reasoning.
Simultaneous Prediction of Mulriple Chemical Parameters of River Water Quality with TILDE.
Properties and Benefits of Calibrated Classifiers.
Detecting Temporal Change in Event Sequences: An Application to Demographic Data.
On the Consistency of Information Filters for Lazy Learning Algorithms.
Why Does Subsequence Time-Series Clustering Produce Sine Waves?
Decision Trees for Hierarchical Multilabel Classification: A Case Study in Functional Genomics.
Analyzing an Email Collection Using Formal Concept Analysis.
Induction of Multivariate Decision Trees by Using Dipolar Criteria.
CEM-Visualisation and Discovery in Email.
Ranked Rules and Data Visualization.
Resampling in an Indefinite Database to Approximate Functional Dependencies.
The Relation of Closed Itemset Mining, Complete Pruning Strategies and Item Ordering in Apriori-Based FIM Algorithms.
Gaphyl: A Genetic Algorithms Approach to Cladistics.
Clustering Scientific Literature Using Sparse Citation Graph Analysis.
Classification of Dementia Types from Cognitive Profiles Data.
Adaptive Constraint Pushing in Frequent Pattern Mining.
A Tree-Based Approach to Clustering XML Documents by Structure.
ExAnte: Anticipated Data Reduction in Constrained Pattern Mining.
Query Languages for Knowledge Discovery in Databases.
Finding Similar Time Series.
Approximation of Frequency Queris by Means of Free-Sets.
Context-Based Similarity Measures for Categorical Databases.
Querying Inductive Databases: A Case Study on the MINE RULE Operator.
Bisiness Focused Evaluation Methods: A Case Study.
Combining Multiple Clustering Systems.
When Efficient Model Averaging Out-Performs Boosting and Bagging.
VOGUE: A Novel Variable Order-Gap State Machine for Modeling Sequences.
Agglomerative Hierarchical Clustering with Constraints: Theoretical and Empirical Results.
A Hybrid Approach to Feature Selection.
Measuring Constraint-Set Utility for Partitional Clustering Algorithms.
The Need for Low Bias Algorithms in Classification Learning from Large Data Sets.
Orange: From Experimental Machine Learning to Interactive Data Mining.
Two-Eyed Algorithms and Problems.
Using Belief Networks and Fisher Kernels for Structured Document Classification.
OPTICS-OF: Identifying Local Outliers.
Knowledge Discovery from Client-Server Databases.
Fast Hierarchical Clustering Based on Compressed Data and OPTICS.
Cost Sensitive Discretization of Numeric Attributes.
An Entropy-Based Approach for Generating Multi-dimensional Sequential Patterns.
A Classification Approach for Prediction of Target Events in Temporal Sequences.
Application of Reinforcement Learning to Electrical Power System Closed-Loop Emergency Control.
Determination of Screening Descriptors for Chemical Reaction Databases.
Parametric Approximation Algorithms for High-Dimensional Euclidean Similarity.
Discovery of Regulatory Connections in Microarray Data.
Discovery of Interesting Regions in Spatial Data Sets Using Supervised Clustering.
Autonomous Visualization.
Taxonomy Formation by Approximate Equivalence Relations, Revisited.
On Decision Boundaries of Naïve Bayes in Continuous Domains.
Efficient Multisplitting on Numerical Data.
Postponing the Evaluation of Attributes with a High Number of Boundary Points.
Speeding Up the Search for Optimal Partitions.
Terrorist Detection System.
Application of Inductive Logic Programming to Structure-Based Drug Design.
Combining Data and Knowledge by MaxEnt-Optimization of Probability Distributions.
Data Structures for Minimization of Total Within-Group Distance for Spatio-temporal Clustering.
Non-crisp Clustering by Fast, Convergent, and Robust Algorithms.
Next Generation Data Mining Tools: Power Laws and Self-similarity for Graphs, Streams and Traditional Data.
Prior Knowledge in Economic Applications of Data Mining.
Handling Missing Data in Trees: Surrogate Splits or Statistical Imputation.
Practical Text Mining.
Text Mining via Information Extraction.
Trend Graphs: Visualizing the Evolution of Concept Relationships in Large Document Collections.
Text Mining at the Term Level.
Pattern Based Browsing in Document Collections.
Privacy-Oriented Data Mining by Proof Checking.
A New Algorithm for Faster Mining of Generalized Association Rules.
The Anatomy of SnakeT: A Hierarchical Clustering Engine for Web-Page Snippets.
Multiscale Comparison of Temporal Patternsin Time-Series Medical Databases.
Experimenting SnakeT: A Hierarchical Clustering Engine for Web-Page Snippets.
An Indiscernibility-Based Clustering Method with Iterative Refinement of Equivalence Relations.
Protein Sequence Pattern Mining with Constraints.
Finding Interesting Pass Patterns from Soccer Game Records.
A Fuzzy Beam-Search Rule Induction Algorithm.
Observational Logic Integrates Data Mining Based on Statistics and Neural Networks.
Optimal String Mining Under Frequency Constraints.
Preference Mining: A Novel Approach on Mining User Preferences for Personalized Applications.
On the Use of Self-Organizing Maps for Clustering and Visualization.
Stress-Testing Hoeffding Trees.
Discovery of Common Subsequences in Cognitive Evoked Potentials.
Temporal Rule Discovery for Time-Series Satellite Images and Integration with RDB.
Choose Your Words Carefully: An Empirical Study of Feature Selection Metrics for Text Classification.
Using Grammatical Inference to Automate Information Extraction from the Web.
Learning from Little: Comparison of Classifiers Given Little Training.
Discovery of Temporal Patterns. Learning Rules about the Qualitative Behaviour of Time Series.
Knowledge Discovery - A Control Theory Perspective.
Explaining Text Clustering Results Using Semantic Structures.
Naive Bayes for Text Classification with Unbalanced Classes.
Supporting Discovery in Medicine by Association Rule Mining of Bibliographic Databases.
Visualizing Class Probability Estimators.
COCOA: Compressed Continuity Analysis for Temporal Databases.
The Pronciple of Transformation between Efficiency and Effectiveness: Towards a Fair Evaluation of the Cost-Effectiveness of KDD Techniques.
Efficient Name Disambiguation for Large-Scale Databases.
On Objective Measures of Rule Surprisingness.
Rank Measures for Ordering.
Scalable, High-Performance Data Mining with Parallel Processing.
Dynamic Ensemble Re-Construction for Better Ranking.
-Anonymous Decision Tree Induction.
Information Marginalization on Subgraphs.
Learning from Multi-source Data.
Web Communities Identification from Random Walks.
Corpus-Based Neural Network Method for Explaining Unknown Words by WordNet Senses.
Adaptive Segmentation-Based Symbolic Representations of Time Series for Better Modeling and Lower Bounding Distance Measures.
A Metric for Selection of the Most Promising Rules.
Implication-Based Fuzzy Association Rules.
Confirmation Rule Sets.
Association Rules for Expressing Gradual Dependencies.
Generating Actionable Knowledge by Expert-Guided Subgroup Discovery.
Parallel Knowledge Discovery Using Domain Generalization Graphs.
Extension to C-means Algorithm for the Use of Similarity Functions.
Data Mining at a Major Bank: Lessons from a Large Marketing Application.
Closed Sets for Labeled Data.
Transductive Learning for Text Classification Using Explicit Knowledge Models.
Finding Spatial Clusters.
Frequency-Based Separation of Climate Signals.
Some Enhencements of Decision Tree Bagging.
An Apriori-Based Algorithm for Mining Frequent Substructures from Graph Data.
Pattern Extraction for Time Series Classification.
A Feature Generation Algorithm for Sequences with Application to Splice-Site Prediction.
Temporal Machine Learning for Switching Control.
Exploring Multiple Communities with Kernel-Based Link Analysis.
Segment and Combine Approach for Non-parametric Time-Series Classification.
On the Correspondence between Classes of Implicational and Equivalence Quantifiers.
Knowledge-Conscious Data Clustering.
Discovering Unexpected Information for Technology Watch.
Clustering Transactional Data.
Analyzing Attribute Dependencies.
Querying Inductive Databases via Logic-Based User-Defined Aggregates.
Scalable Density-Based Distributed Clustering.
Specifying Mining Algorithms with Iterative User-Defined Aggregates: A Case Study.
A General Measure of Rule Interestingness.
Knowledge Discovery with Clustering Based on Rules. Interpreting Results.
Support Approximations Using Bonferroni-Type Inequalities.
The Future of CiteSeer: CiteSeer.
Summarization of Dynamic Content in Web Collections.
Geometric and Combinatorial Tiles in 0-1 Data.
Using Condensed Representations for Interactive Association Rule Mining.
Document Classification Through Interactive Supervision of Document and Term Labels.
Discovering Image-Text Associations for Cross-Media Web Information Fusion.
HIClass: Hyper-interactive Text Classification by Interactive Supervision of Document and Term Labels.
Efficient Processing of Ranked Queries with Sweeping Selection.
Interesting Fuzzy Association Rules in Quantitative Databases.
Mining Thick Skylines over Large Databases.
Producing Accurate Interpretable Clusters from High-Dimensional Data.
Ensemble Feature Ranking.
Improving Dissimilarity Functions with Domain Knowledge, Applications with IKBS System.
Distribution Rules with Numeric Attributes of Interest.
A Tutorial Introduction to High Performance Data Mining (Abstract).
Predicting Rare Classes: Comparing Two-Phase Rule Induction to Cost-Sensitive Boosting.
Improving the Discovery of Association Rules with Intensity of Implication.
Ranking Interesting Subspaces for Clustering High Dimensional Data.
On the Lower Bound of Reconstruction Error for Spectral Filtering Based Privacy Preserving Data Mining.
Feature Extraction from Mass Spectra for Classification of Pathological States.
Mining Weighted Association Rules for Fuzzy Quantitative Items.
Privately Computing a Distributed k-nn Classifier.
Interestingness Measures for Fuzzy Association Rules.
Collective Principal Component Analysis from Distributed, Heterogeneous Data.
Frequent Pattern Discovery Without Binarization: Mining Attribute Profiles.
Dependency Detection in MobiMine and Random Matrices.
Logics and Statistics for Association Rules and Beyond Abstract of Tutorial.
Hierarchical Document Clustering Based on Tolerance Rough Set Model.
A Data Set Oriented Approach for Clustering Algorithm Selection.
Application of Data-Mining and Knowledge Discovery in Automotive Data Engineering.
Quality Scheme Assessment in the Clustering Process.
Long-Term Learning for Web Search Engines.
Generalization Lattices.
Mining Sequences of Temporal Intervals.
Centroid-Based Document Classification: Analysis and Experimental Results.
Predicting Chemical Carcinogenesis Using Structural Information Only.
Strength in Diversity: The Advance of Data Analysis.
Mining Association Rules: Deriving a Superior Algorithm by Analyzing Today's Approaches.
Geography of Differences between Two Classes of Data.
Finding Trees from Unordered 0-1 Data.
Efficiently Finding Arbitrarily Scaled Patterns in Massive Time Series Databases.
Automated Detection of Epidemics from the Usage Logs of a Physicians' Reference Database.
Recent Advances in Mining Time Series Data.
Quantifying the Resilience of Inductive Classification Algorithms.
Scaling up Dynamic Time Warping to Massive Dataset.
Fusion of Meta-knowledge and Meta-data for Case-Based Model Selection.
Balios - The Engine for Bayesian Logic Programs.
Classifying Protein Fingerprints.
Incremental Nonlinear PCA for Classification.
Applying Objective Interestingness Measures in Data Mining Systems.
Tractable Models for Information Diffusion in Social Networks.
Heuristic Measures of Interestingness.
Error Correcting Codes with Optimized Kullback-Leibler Distances for Text Categorization.
Model Switching for Bayesian Classification Trees with Soft Splits.
Clustering Ontology-Based Metadata in the Semantic Web.
Discovering Rules in Information Trees.
Learning from Highly Structured Data by Decomposition.
The PSP Approach for Mining Sequential Patterns.
Regression-Based Classification Methods and Their Comparisons with Desision Tree Algorithms.
Web Usage Mining: How to Efficiently Manage New Transactions and New Clients.
PolyAnalyst Data Analysis Technique and Its Specialization for Processing Data Organized as a Set of Attribute Values.
Discovering and Visualizing Attribute Associations Using Bayesian Networks and Their Use in KDD.
LA - A Clustering Algorithm with an Automated Selection of Attributes, wich is Invariant to Functional Transformations of Coordinates.
K-Landmarks: Distributed Dimensionality Reduction for Clustering Quality Maintenance.
Association Rule Selection in a Data Mining Environment.
Data Streams and Data Synopses for Massive Data Sets.
Spatial Subgroup Mining Integrated in an Object-Relational Spatial Database.
Exploratory Attributes Search for Time-Series Data: An Experimental System for Agricultural Application.
techniques and Applications of KDD (Abstract).
Word Sense Disambiguation for Exploiting Hierarchical Thesauri in Text Classification.
Numbers in Multi-relational Data Mining.
Combinatorial Approach for Data Binarization.
Pattern Teams.
Constraint-Based Mining of Episode Rules and Optimal Window Sizes.
Propositionalisation and Aggregates.
Discovering Fuzzy Classification Rules with Genetic Programming and Co-evolution.
Involving Aggregate Functions in Multi-relational Search.
A Procedure to Compute Prototypes for Data Mining in Non-structured Domains.
Multi-relational Decision Tree Induction.
Exploration of Document Collections with Self-Organizing Maps: A Novel Approach to Similarity Representation.
Testing Theories in Particle Physics Using Maximum Likelihood and Adaptive Bin Allocation.
The Pattern Ordering Problem.
Multi-Relational Data Mining, Using UML for ILP.
Mining Model Trees from Spatial Data.
An Incremental Algorithm for Mining Generators Representation.
Using Transduction and Multi-view Learning to Answer Emails.
The Discrete Basis Problem.
Focus the Mining Beacon: Lessons and Challenges from the World of E-Commerce.
Mining Relational Databases.
The ESPRIT Project CreditMine and Its Relevance for the Internet Market.
Discovering Interpretable Muscle Activation Patterns with the Temporal Data Mining Method.
Improved Naive Bayes for Extremely Skewed Misclassification Costs.
Iteratively Selecting Feature Subsets for Mining from High-Dimensional Databases.
Mining Generalized Multiple-Level Association Rules.
Towards Knowledge Discovery from cDNA Microarray Gene Expression Data.
Combining Discrete Algorithmic and Probabilistic Approaches in Data Mining.
Continuous Time Bayesian Networks for Host Level Network Intrusion Detection.
Rough Sets for Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery (Abstract).
Analysing Customer Churn in Insurance Data - A Case Study.
Information Extraction in Structured Documents Using Tree Automata Induction.
Materialized Data Mining Views.
Exploring Fringe Settings of SVMs for Classification.
From the Data Mine to the Knowledge Mill: Applying the Principles of Lexical Analysis to the Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery Process.
Modelling Customer Retention with Rough Data Models.
Algorithms for Constructing of Decision Trees.
Algebraic Techniques for Analysis of Large Discrete-Valued Datasets.
Clustering Techniques in Biological Sequence Analysis.
Uncovering Fraud in Direct Marketing Data with a Fraud Auditing Case Builder.
Mining with Cover and Extension Operators.
Using Loglinear Clustering for Subcategorization Identification.
A Fast Method for Training Linear SVM in the Primal.
Representative Association Rules and Minimum Condition Maximum Consequence Association Rules.
Learning Dynamic Bayesian Belief Networks Using Conditional Phase-Type Distributions.
Generation of Rules from Incomplete Information Systems.
Nomograms for Visualization of Naive Bayesian Classifier.
A User-Driven Process for Mining Association Rules.
Data Mining for Robust Business Intelligence Solutions.
Learning of Simple Conceptual Graphs from Positive and Negative Examples.
Closed Non-derivable Itemsets.
Algorithms for the Construction of Concept Lattices and Their Diagram Graphs.
Efficient Score-Based Learning of Equivalence Classes of Bayesian Networks.
Discovery of Decision Rules from Databases: An Evolutionary Approach.
Unsupervised Profiling for Identifying Superimposed Fraud.
An Evolutionary Algorithm Using Multivariate Discretization for Decision Rule Induction.
Interestingness in Attribute-Oriented Induction (AOI): Multiple-Level Rule Generation.
Clustering and Prediction of Mobile User Routes from Cellular Data.
Extending Attribute-Oriented Induction as a Key-Preserving Data Mining Method.
ZigZag, a New Clustering Algorithm to Analyze Categorical Variable Cross-Classification Tables.
A Comparison Between Block CEM and Two-Way CEM Algorithms to Cluster a Contingency Table.
Fast Feature Selection Using Partial Correlation for Multi-vaslued Attributes.
A Relational Data Mining Tool Based On Genetic Programming.
Distribution-Free Learning of Bayesian Network Structure.
TextVis: An Integrated Visual Environment for Text Mining.
Collaborative Filtering Using Restoration Operators.
Learning from Labeled and Unlabeled Documents: A Comparative Study on Semi-Supervised Text Classification.
An Application of Data Mining to the Problem of the University Students' Dropout Using Markov Chains.
Elastic Partial Matching of Time Series.
Industrial Applications of Data Mining.
Schema Mining: Finding Structural Regularity among Semistructured Data.
Sentence Filtering for Information Extraction in Genomics, a Classification Problem.
MSTS: A System for Mining Sets of Time Series.
A Tolerance Rough Set Approach to Clustering Web Search Results.
An Adaptive Nearest Neighbor Classification Algorithm for Data Streams.
A Mixed Similarity Measure in Near-Linear Computational Complexity for Distance-Based Methods.
Data Reduction Using Multiple Models Integration.
An Imbalanced Data Rule Learner.
Support Vector Random Fields for Spatial Classification.
Improvements in the Data Partitioning Approach for Frequent Itemsets Mining.
Efficient Spatial Classification Using Decoupled Conditional Random Fields.
Searching for Relational Patterns in Data.
Compression Picks Item Sets That Matter.
Using a Hash-Based Method for Apriori-Based Graph Mining.
Rule Discovery and Probabilistic Modeling for Onomastic Data.
Efficient Frequent Query Discovery in FARMER.
Constraint-Based Mining of Sequential Patterns over Datasets with Consecutive Repetitions.
Automated Discovery of Polynomials by Inductive Genetic Programming.
Realistic, Mathematically Tractable Graph Generation and Evolution, Using Kronecker Multiplication.
Towards Behaviometric Security Systems: Learning to Identify a Typist.
Instance-Based Classification by Emerging Patterns.
On-Line Adaptive Filtering of Web Pages.
A Correspondence Between Maximal Complete Bipartite Subgraphs and Closed Patterns.
Experiments on a Representation-Independent "Top-Down and Prune" Induction Scheme.
Discovering Overlapping Communities of Named Entities.
Diagnosing Acute Appendicitis with Very Simple Classification Rules.
A Spectroscopy of Texts for Effective Clustering.
Evaluation of Rule Interestingness Measures with a Clinical Dataset on Hepatitis.
Visual Terrain Analysis of High-Dimensional Datasets.
Finding Hidden Factors UsingIndependent Component Analysis.
Improving Generalization by Data Categorization.
Rule Induction in Cascade Model Based on Sum of Squares Decomposition.
Efficient Mining of High Confidience Association Rules without Support Thresholds.
Discovery of Characteristic subgraph Patterns Using Relative Indexing and the Cascade Model.
A Logical Approach to Fuzzy Data Analysis.
Discovery of Diagnostic Patterns from Protein Sequence Databases.
Rule Induction for Classification of Gene Expression Array Data.
Text Categorization and Semantic Browsing with Self-Organizing Maps on Non-euclidean Spaces.
Group SAX: Extending the Notion of Contrast Sets to Time Series and Multimedia Data.
Learning a Distance Metric for Object Identification Without Human Supervision.
AST: Support for Algorithm Selection with a CBR Approach.
A Study on the Hierarchical Data Clustering Algorithm Based on Gravity Theory.
A Scalable Distributed Stream Mining System for Highway Traffic Data.
Transparency and Predicive Power: Explaining Complex Classification Models.
An Attacker's View of Distance Preserving Maps for Privacy Preserving Data Mining.
SVM Classification Using Sequences of Phonemes and Syllables.
Improving an Association Rule Based Classifier.
Automated Discovery of Rules and Exeptions from Distributed Databases Using Aggregates.
Efficient Shared Near Neighbours Clustering of Large Metric Data Sets.
Efficient Density Clustering Method for Spatial Data.
Discovery of "Interesting" Data Dependencies from a Workload of SQL Statements.
Statistical sigma-Partition Clustering over Data Streams.
Detection of Interdependences in Attribute Selection.
Internet Document Filtering Using Fourier Domain Scoring.
Symbolic Distance Measurements Based on Characteristic Subspaces.
A Novel Web Text Mining Method Using the Discrete Cosine Transform.
Relative Unsupervised Discretization for Association Rule Mining.
Clustering Distributed Homogeneous Datasets.
Discovery of Generalized Association Rules with Multiple Minimum Supports.
Mining Paraphrases from Self-anchored Web Sentence Fragments.
An Auto-stopped Hierarchical Clustering Algorithm for Analyzing 3D Model Database.
MSP: Mining Sequential Patterns Among Several Dimensions.
SEWeP: A Web Mining System Supporting Semantic Personalization.
Evaluation of Summarization Schemes for Learning in Streams.
Maintenance of Discovered Knowledge.
A Bi-clustering Framework for Categorical Data.
Distinguishing Natural Language Processes on the Basis of fMRI-Measured Brain Activation.
Automatic Construction and Refinement of a Class Hierarchy over Multi-valued Data.
Empirical Evaluation of Feature Subset Selection Based on a Real-World Data Set.
Improving the Performance of the RISE Algorithm.
A Divise Initialisation Method for Clustering Algorithms.
Data Mining for the Web.
A Comparison of Model Selection Procedures for Predicting Turning Points in Financial Time Series.
Rough Set Theory and Rule Induction Techniques for Discovery of Attribute Dependencies in Medical Information Systems.
For Visualization-Based Analysis Tools in Knowledge Discovery Process: A Multilayer Perceptron versus Principal Components Analysis: A Comparative Study.
A Data Mining Approach to the Joint Evaluation of Field and Manufacturing Data in Automotive Industry.
Privacy-Preserving Collaborative Filtering on Vertically Partitioned Data.
Data Transformation and Rough Sets.
Knowledge Discovery in Spatial Data by Means of ILP.
The Haar Wavelet Transform in the Time Series Similarity Paradigm.
Mining Lemma Disambiguation Rules from Czech Corpora.
Conceptual Knowledge Discovery in Databases Using Formal Concept Analysis Methods.
Enriching Relational Learning with Fuzzy Predicates.
Support Vector Machines for Knowledge Discovery.
Induction of Strong Feature Subsets.
Speeding Up Logistic Model Tree Induction.
Statistical Relational Learning: An Inductive Logic Programming Perspective.
Incremental Aspect Models for Mining Document Streams.
Relational Learning and Inductive Logic Programming Made Easy Abstract of Tutorial.
Bloomy Decision Tree for Multi-objective Classification.
Preprocessing of Missing Values Using Robust Association Rules.
Discovery of Surprising Exception Rules Based on Intensity of Implication.
Adding Temporal Semantics to Association Rules.
Zoomed Ranking: Selection of Classification Algorithms Based on Relevant Performance Information.
Studying the Behavior of Generalized Entropy in Induction Trees Using a M-of-N Concept.
Unified Algorithm for Undirected Discovery of Execption Rules.
Discovery of Ambiguous Patterns in Sequences: Application to Bioinformatics.
Supporting Case Acquisition and Labelling in the Cotext of Web Mining.
Action-Rules: How to Increase Profit of a Company.
Efficient Construction of Comprehensible Hierarchical Clusterings.
Induction of Fuzzy Characteristic Rules.
Weka4WS: A WSRF-Enabled Weka Toolkit for Distributed Data Mining on Grids.
Mining Text Archives: Creating Readable Maps to Structure and Describe Document Collections.
Indirect Association: Mining Higher Order Dependencies in Data.
Logical Calculi for Knowledge Discovery in Databases.
Discovering Association Rules in Large, Dense Databases.
Classes of Four-Fold Table Quantifiers.
Bottom-Up Learning of Logic Programs for Information Extraction from Hypertext Documents.
Similarity-Driven Sampling for Data Mining.
Winning the DARPA Grand Challenge.
Classification in Geographical Information Systems.
Inducing Cost-Sensitive Trees via Instance Weighting.
Aggregation and Association in Cross Tables.
Challenges of Urban Sensing.
Comparison of Three Objective Functions for Conceptual Clustering.
Combining Multiple Models with Meta Decision Trees.
An Experimental Study of Partition Quality Indices in Clustering.
Experiments in Meta-level Learning with ILP.
Identification of ECG Arrhythmias Using Phase Space Reconstruction.
Using Inductive Logic Programming for Predicting Protein-Protein Interactions from Multiple Genomic Data.
Learning First Order Logic Time Series Classifiers: Rules and Boosting.
Predictive Performance of Weghted Relative Accuracy.
A Systematic Comparison of Feature-Rich Probabilistic Classifiers for NER Tasks.
Predicting Outliers.
Expert Constrained Clustering: A Symbolic Approach.
CLASITEX: A Tool for Knowledge Discovery from Texts.
Reasoning with Classifiers.
Discovering Differences in Patients with Uveitis Through Typical Testors by Class.
Taking Causality Seriously: Propensity Score Methodology Applied to Estimate the Effects of Marketing Interventions.
Providing Advice to Website Designers Towards Effective Websites Re-Organization.
Knowledge Discovery from Software Engineering Data: Rough Set Analysis and Its Interaction with Goal-Oriented Measurement.
Clinical Knowledge Discovery in Hospital Information Systems: Two Case Studies.
Neuro-fuzzy Data Mining for Target Group Selection in Retail Banking.
Discovery of Temporal Knowledge in Medical Time-Series Databases Using Moving Average, Multiscale Matching, and Rule Induction.
Digging into Acceptor Splice Site Prediction: An Iterative Feature Selection Approach.
Mining Positive and Negative Knowledge in Clinical Databases Based on Rough Set Model.
Knowledge Discovery from User Preferences in Conversational Recommendation.
Mining Hierarchical Decision Rules from Clinical Databases Using Rough Sets aaand Medical Diagnostic Model.
An Application of Association Rules Discovery to Geographic Information Systems.
Mining Rules of Multi-level Diagnostic Procedure from Databases.
Efficient Mining of Correlation Patterns in Spatial Point Data.
Extraction of Experts' Decision Process from Clinical Databases Using Rough Set Model.
Modeling the Business Process by Mining Multiple Databases.
Discovery of Approximate Medical Knowledge Based on Rough Set Model.
Text Categorisation Using Document Profiling.
Rule Discovery in Large Time-Series Medical Databases.
Indexed Bit Map (IBM) for Mining Frequent Sequences.
Knowledge Discovery in Medical Multi-databases: A Rough Set Approach.
SPIN! Data Mining System Based on Component Architecture.
Bagging and Boosting with Dynamic Integration of Classifiers.
Mining Possibilistic Set-Valued Rules by Generating Prime Disjunctions.
Learning Characteristic Rules Relying on Quantified Paths.
Algorithm for Matching Sets of Time Series.
Improving Functional Modularity in Protein-Protein Interactions Graphs Using Hub-Induced Subgraphs.
A Connectionist Approach to Structural Simiarity Determination as a Basis of Clustering, Classification and Feature Detection.
Statistification or Mystification? The Need for Statistical Thought in Visual Data Mining.
Learning to Have Fun.
The TwoKey Plot for Multiple Association Rules Control.
Finding Association Rules That Trade Support Optimally against Confidence.
Regression by Feature Projections.
A Scalable Constant-Memory Sampling Algorithm for Pattern Discovery in Large Databases.
Neural Networks Design: Rough Set Approach to Continuous Data.
Unsupervised Discretization Using Tree-Based Density Estimation.
ISOLLE: Locally Linear Embedding with Geodesic Distance.
Weighted Average Pointwise Mutual Information for Feature Selection in Text Categorization.
STochFS: A Framework for Combining Feature Selection Outcomes Through a Stochastic Process.
A Kernel Approach for Learning from Almost Orthogonal Patterns.
Asynchronous and Anticipatory Filter-Stream Based Parallel Algorithm for Frequent Itemset Mining.
SNOUT: An Intelligent Assistant for Exploratory Data Anaylsis.
Active Sampling for Knowledge Discovery from Biomedical Data.
Contribution of Dataset Reduction Techniques to Tree-Simplification and Knowledge Discovery.
Efficiently Mining Approximate Models of Associations in Evolving Databases.
Contribution of Boosting in Wrapper Models.
Refining Aggregate Conditions in Relational Learning.
Selection and Statistical Validation of Features and Prototypes.
A Quantification of Cluster Novelty with an Application to Martian Topography.
A Simple Algorithm for Topic Identification in 0-1 Data.
Knowledge Discovery Using Least Squares Support Vector Machine Classifiers: A Direct Marketing Case.
Answering the Most Correlated N Association Rules Efficiently.
Measuring to Fit: Virtual Tailoring Through Cluster Analysis and Classification.
Itemset Classified Clustering.
RIVA: Indexing and Visualization of High-Dimensional Data Via Dimension Reorderings.
Non-stationary Environment Compensation Using Sequential EM Algorithm for Robust Speech Recognition.
A Multi-metric Index for Euclidean and Periodic Matching.
Hybrid Cost-Sensitive Decision Tree.
Fast Burst Correlation of Financial Data.
Combining Winnow and Orthogonal Sparse Bigrams for Incremental Spam Filtering.
Explaining Predictions from a Neural Network Ensemble One at a Time.
Towards Association Rules with Hidden Variables.
A Random Method for Quantifying Changing Distributions in Data Streams.
Generalized Entropy and Projection Clustering of Categorical Data.
Learning Approximate MRFs from Large Transaction Data.
Exploratory Analysis of Biochemical Processes Using Hybrid Modeling Methods.
Managing Interesting Rules in Sequence Mining.
Characterization of Novel HIV Drug Resistance Mutations Using Clustering, Multidimensional Scaling and SVM-Based Feature Ranking.
Density-Based Spatial Clustering in the Presence of Obstacles and Facilitators.
Object Identification with Attribute-Mediated Dependences.
Deriving Class Association Rules Based on Levelwise Subspace Clustering.
Boolean Reasoning Scheme with Some Applications in Data Mining.
TOAS Intelligence Mining; Analysis of Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics.
Towards Discovery of Information Granules.
Lightweight Collaborative Filtering Method for Binary-Encoded Data.
Classification Algorithms Based on Linear Combinations of Features.
Leightweight Document Clustering.
Learning with Mixture Models: Concepts and Applications.
A Propositional Approach to Textual Case Indexing.
Attribute Discovery and Rough Sets.
The Musical Expression Project: A Challenge for Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery.
Structuring Domain-Specific Text Archives by Deriving a Probabilistic XML DTD.
Incremental Exemplar Learning Schemes for Classification on Embedded Devices.
Towards Process-Oriented Tool Support for Knowledge Discovery in Databases.
Watch, Listen & Learn: Co-training on Captioned Images and Videos.
Enhancing Rule Interestingness for Neuro-fuzzy Systems.
Unsupervised Riemannian Clustering of Probability Density Functions.
Similarity Search for Multi-dimensional NMR-Spectra of Natural Products.
Finding Reliable Subgraphs from Large Probabilistic Graphs.
A Quantitative Comparison of the Subgraph Miners MoFa, gSpan, FFSM, and Gaston.
One-Class Classification by Combining Density and Class Probability Estimation.
Scalability, Search, and Sampling: From Smart Algorithms to Active Discovery.
Improving Maximum Margin Matrix Factorization.
An Algorithm for Multi-relational Discovery of Subgroups.
New Closed-Form Bounds on the Partition Function.
Text Mining for Finding Functional Community of Related Genes Using TCM Knowledge.
Adequate Condensed Representations of Patterns.
Distributed Subgroup Mining.
Tight Optimistic Estimates for Fast Subgroup Discovery.
Generating Linguistic Fuzzy Rules for Pattern Classification with Genetic Algorithms.
Cascade RSVM in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Automatic Category Structure Generation and Categorization of Chinese Text Documents.
Learning to Predict One or More Ranks in Ordinal Regression Tasks.
Dealing with Predictive-but-Unpredictable Attributes in Noisy Data Sources.
The Boolean Column and Column-Row Matrix Decompositions.
An Efficient Approach to Discovering Sequential Patterns in Large Databases.
Exact and Approximate Inference for Annotating Graphs with Structural SVMs.
Efficient Classification from Multiple Heterogeneous Databases.
Semi-supervised Laplacian Regularization of Kernel Canonical Correlation Analysis.
A Probabilistic Clustering-Projection Model for Discrete Data.
Catenary Support Vector Machines.
Hybrid Technique for Artificial Neural Network Architecture and Weight Optimization.
Mining Edge-Weighted Call Graphs to Localise Software Bugs.
Optimizing Disjunctive Association Rules.
A Fast Algorithm to Find Overlapping Communities in Networks.
Accurate Recasting of Parameter Estimation Algorithms Using Sufficient Statistics for Efficient Parallel Speed-Up: Demonstrated for Center-Based Data Clustering Algorithms.
Bootstrapping Information Extraction from Semi-structured Web Pages.
A New Scheme on Privacy Preserving Association Rule Mining.
Efficient Frequent Connected Subgraph Mining in Graphs of Bounded Treewidth.
Mining History of Changes to Web Access Patterns.
SkyGraph: An Algorithm for Important Subgraph Discovery in Relational Graphs.
Using Background Knowledge as a Bias to Control the Rule Discovery Process.
A Case Study in Sequential Pattern Mining for IT-Operational Risk.
Handling KDD Process Changes by Incremental Replanning.
An Algorithm for Transfer Learning in a Heterogeneous Environment.
On Meta Levels of an Organized Society of KDD Agents.
Learning Decision Trees for Unbalanced Data.
Peculiarity Oriented Multi-database Mining.
Online Manifold Regularization: A New Learning Setting and Empirical Study.
Using Neural Network to Extract Knowledge from Database.
Learning with L vs L-Norm Regularisation with Exponentially Many Irrelevant Features.
Topic Learning from Few Examples.
A Collaborative Filtering Framework Based on Both Local User Similarity and Global User Similarity.
Network Flow for Collaborative Ranking.
Combining Classifiers through Triplet-Based Belief Functions.
Separability Index in Supervised Learning.
Large Margin vs. Large Volume in Transductive Learning.
Arbogodaï, a New Approach for Decision Trees.
Hierarchical Distance-Based Conceptual Clustering.
An Improved Multi-task Learning Approach with Applications in Medical Diagnosis.
Dynamic Bayesian Networks for Real-Time Classification of Seismic Signals.
A Cooperative Game Theoretic Approach to Prototype Selection.
A Comparison of Two Approaches to Classify with Guaranteed Performance.
Learning Language from Its Perceptual Context.
Multilevel Conditional Fuzzy C-Means Clustering of XML Documents.
Improved Algorithms for Univariate Discretization of Continuous Features.
Towards Data Mining Without Information on Knowledge Structure.
Mining Queries.
Proper Model Selection with Significance Test.
Semi-supervised Classification from Discriminative Random Walks.
Feature Extraction from Sensor Data Streams for Real-Time Human Behaviour Recognition.
Site-Independent Template-Block Detection.
Semantic Text Classification of Emergent Disease Reports.
Clustering Distributed Sensor Data Streams.
Industrializing Data Mining, Challenges and Perspectives.
An Empirical Comparison of Exact Nearest Neighbour Algorithms.
Classification of Anti-learnable Biological and Synthetic Data.
Domain Adaptation of Conditional Probability Models Via Feature Subsetting.
Distortion-Free Nonlinear Dimensionality Reduction.
Multiagent Reinforcement Learning for Urban Traffic Control Using Coordination Graphs.
Efficient Weight Learning for Markov Logic Networks.
Classification in Very High Dimensional Problems with Handfuls of Examples.
Learning to Detect Adverse Traffic Events from Noisily Labeled Data.
Online Multiagent Learning against Memory Bounded Adversaries.
Providing Naïve Bayesian Classifier-Based Private Recommendations on Partitioned Data.
Generating Social Network Features for Link-Based Classification.
Multi-party, Privacy-Preserving Distributed Data Mining Using a Game Theoretic Framework.
Two Heads Better Than One: Pattern Discovery in Time-Evolving Multi-aspect Data.
Automatic Categorization of Human-Coded and Evolved CoreWar Warriors.
Adventures in Personalized Information Access.
Multi-label Lazy Associative Classification.
Ranking the Uniformity of Interval Pairs.
From Microscopy Images to Models of Cellular Processes.
IKNN: Informative K-Nearest Neighbor Pattern Classification.
Robust Visual Mining of Data with Error Information.
Bridged Refinement for Transfer Learning.
Extracting Semantic Networks from Text Via Relational Clustering.
Putting Things in Order: On the Fundamental Role of Ranking in Classification and Probability Estimation.
Nearest Neighbour Classification with Monotonicity Constraints.
Parameter Learning in Probabilistic Databases: A Least Squares Approach.
Matching Partitions over Time to Reliably Capture Local Clusters in Noisy Domains.
Pre-processing Large Spatial Data Sets with Bayesian Methods.
Minimum-Size Bases of Association Rules.
Relaxation Labeling for Selecting and Exploiting Efficiently Non-local Dependencies in Sequence Labeling.
A Prediction-Based Visual Approach for Cluster Exploration and Cluster Validation by HOV.
Modeling Transfer Relationships Between Learning Tasks for Improved Inductive Transfer.
Utility-Based Regression.
On the Equivalence of the SMO and MDM Algorithms for SVM Training.
Data Clustering: 50 Years Beyond K-means.
An Effective Approach to Enhance Centroid Classifier for Text Categorization.
Finding Outlying Items in Sets of Partial Rankings.
Visual Exploration of Genomic Data.
Association Mining in Large Databases: A Re-examination of Its Measures.
Learning, Information Extraction and the Web.
The Role of Hierarchies in Exploratory Data Mining.
Mining Conjunctive Sequential Patterns.
Real Time GPU-Based Fuzzy ART Skin Recognition.
Mining Frequent Connected Subgraphs Reducing the Number of Candidates.
Credal Model Averaging: An Extension of Bayesian Model Averaging to Imprecise Probabilities.
Flexible Grid-Based Clustering.
Polyp Detection in Endoscopic Video Using SVMs.
A Density-Biased Sampling Technique to Improve Cluster Representativeness.
A Space Efficient Solution to the Frequent String Mining Problem for Many Databases.
Expectation Propagation for Rating Players in Sports Competitions.
Experiment Databases: Towards an Improved Experimental Methodology in Machine Learning.
Using the Web to Reduce Data Sparseness in Pattern-Based Information Extraction.
Efficient Closed Pattern Mining in Strongly Accessible Set Systems (Extended Abstract).
A Graphical Model for Content Based Image Suggestion and Feature Selection.
Efficient AUC Optimization for Classification.
Discovering Emerging Patterns in Spatial Databases: A Multi-relational Approach.
Realistic Synthetic Data for Testing Association Rule Mining Algorithms for Market Basket Databases.
Finding Transport Proteins in a General Protein Database.
Statistical Model for Rough Set Approach to Multicriteria Classification.
Speeding Up Feature Subset Selection Through Mutual Information Relevance Filtering.
Classification of Web Documents Using a Graph-Based Model and Structural Patterns.
Learning Multi-dimensional Functions: Gas Turbine Engine Modeling.
Constructing High Dimensional Feature Space for Time Series Classification.
Improving k-Nearest Neighbour Classification with Distance Functions Based on Receiver Operating Characteristics.
A Dynamic Clustering Algorithm for Mobile Objects.
A Method for Multi-relational Classification Using Single and Multi-feature Aggregation Functions.
MINI: Mining Informative Non-redundant Itemsets.
Stream-Based Electricity Load Forecast.
Context-Specific Independence Mixture Modelling for Protein Families.
Automatic Hidden Web Database Classification.
An Algorithm to Find Overlapping Community Structure in Networks.
Privacy Preserving Market Basket Data Analysis.
Pruning Relations for Substructure Discovery of Multi-relational Databases.
The Most Reliable Subgraph Problem.
Searching for Better Randomized Response Schemes for Privacy-Preserving Data Mining.
Tag Recommendations in Folksonomies.
Sequence Labelling SVMs Trained in One Pass.
A Projection-Based Framework for Classifier Performance Evaluation.
Scalable Feature Selection for Multi-class Problems.
Rollout Sampling Approximate Policy Iteration.
A Critical Analysis of Variants of the AUC.
StreamKrimp: Detecting Change in Data Streams.
Learning Bidirectional Similarity for Collaborative Filtering.
Support Vector Machines, Data Reduction, and Approximate Kernel Matrices.
Efficient Pairwise Multilabel Classification for Large-Scale Problems in the Legal Domain.
Classification of Multi-labeled Data: A Generative Approach.
Exceptional Model Mining.
A Visualization-Based Exploratory Technique for Classifier Comparison with Respect to Multiple Metrics and Multiple Domains.
A Unified View of Matrix Factorization Models.
Large-Scale Clustering through Functional Embedding.
Pool-Based Agnostic Experiment Design in Linear Regression.
Estimating Sales Opportunity Using Similarity-Based Methods.
Metric Learning: A Support Vector Approach.
Data Streaming with Affinity Propagation.
Kernel-Based Inductive Transfer.
A Simple Model for Sequences of Relational State Descriptions.
Towards Machine Learning of Grammars and Compilers of Programming Languages.
A Knowledge-Based Digital Dashboard for Higher Learning Institutions.
Semi-Supervised Boosting for Multi-Class Classification.
Robust Feature Selection Using Ensemble Feature Selection Techniques.
Mixed Bregman Clustering with Approximation Guarantees.
Nonstationary Gaussian Process Regression Using Point Estimates of Local Smoothness.
State-Dependent Exploration for Policy Gradient Methods.
Monitoring Patterns through an Integrated Management and Mining Tool.
Semi-supervised Discriminant Analysis Via CCCP.
Effective Visualization of Information Diffusion Process over Complex Networks.
A Joint Segmenting and Labeling Approach for Chinese Lexical Analysis.
SINDBAD and SiQL: An Inductive Database and Query Language in the Relational Model.
A Novel Scalable and Data Efficient Feature Subset Selection Algorithm.
Transferring Instances for Model-Based Reinforcement Learning.
Transferred Dimensionality Reduction.
Learning MDP Action Models Via Discrete Mixture Trees.
Pleiades: Subspace Clustering and Evaluation.
Decomposable Families of Itemsets.
Multiple Manifolds Learning Framework Based on Hierarchical Mixture Density Model.
Fitted Natural Actor-Critic: A New Algorithm for Continuous State-Action MDPs.
A Genetic Algorithm for Text Classification Rule Induction.
A New Natural Policy Gradient by Stationary Distribution Metric.
Assessing Nonlinear Granger Causality from Multivariate Time Series.
Hierarchical, Parameter-Free Community Discovery.
Actively Transfer Domain Knowledge.
Effective Pruning Techniques for Mining Quasi-Cliques.
Client-Friendly Classification over Random Hyperplane Hashes.
Improving Classification with Pairwise Constraints: A Margin-Based Approach.
TOPTMH: Topology Predictor for Transmembrane alpha-Helices.
SEDiL: Software for Edit Distance Learning.
A Joint Topic and Perspective Model for Ideological Discourse.
Parallel Spectral Clustering.
Clustering Via Local Regression.
Reachability and Connectivity Queries in Constraint Databases.
Languages for Relational Databases over Interpreted Structures.
Safe Constraint Queries.
Exact and Approximate Aggregation in Constraint Query.
A Characterization of First-Order Topological Properties of Planar Spatial Data.
String Operations in Query Languages.
Static Analysis of Intensional Databases in U-Datalog.
Testing Complex Temporal Relationships Involving Multiple Granularities and Its Application to Data Mining.
Positivism vs. Minimalism in Deductive Databases.
Operation Specific Locking in B-Trees.
One Flavor Assumption and Gamma-Acyclicity for Universal Relation Views.
Practical privacy: the SuLQ framework.
Window-Accumulated Subsequence Matching Problem is Linear.
Relational lenses: a language for updatable views.
On the Decidability of Containment of Recursive Datalog Queries - Preliminary report.
Hypothetical Datalog: Negation and Linear Recursion.
The Complexity of Reusing and Modifying Rulebases.
Workflow, Transactions, and Datalog.
Type Systems for Querying Class Hierarchies with Non-strict Inheritance.
Replication and Consistency: Being Lazy Helps Sometimes.
Separability of Polyhedra for Optimal Filtering of Spatial and Constraint Data.
Inference of Monotonicity Constraints in Datalog Programs.
Inference of Inequality Constraints in Logic Programs.
Updating a Relational Database through a Universal Schema Interface.
Logic Programming as Constructivism: A Formalization and its Application to Databases.
Atomicity with Incompatible Presumptions.
Security analysis of cryptographically controlled access to XML documents.
Conjunctive Query Equivalence of Keyed Relational Schemas.
An Efficient, Fault-Tolerant Protocol for Replicated Data Management.
Efficient Processing of Window Queries in The Pyramid Data Structure.
Availability in Partitioned Replicated Databases.
An Approach to Eliminate Transaction Blocking in Locking Protocols.
Concurrency Control of Nested Transactions Accessing B-Trees.
On the Optimality of Disk Allocation for Cartesian Product Files.
Consistent Query Answers in Inconsistent Databases.
Disaggregations in Databases.
Locally Consistent Transformations and Query Answering in Data Exchange.
On Views and XML.
Finding and approximating top-k answers in keyword proximity search.
Research Directions in Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Diagnosis of asynchronous discrete event systems: datalog to the rescue!
On Verifying Consistency of XML Specifications.
Non First Normal Form Relations to Represent Hierarchical Organized Data.
A Normal Form for XML Documents.
Positive Active XML.
An information-theoretic approach to normal forms for relational and XML data.
Queries Are Easier Than You Thought (Probably).
XML data exchange: consistency and query answering.
Complexity of Answering Queries Using Materialized Views.
On Two-Dimensional Indexability and Optimal Range Search Indexing.
IFO: A Formal Semantic Database Model.
(Almost) Optimal Parallel Block Access for Range Queries.
Temporal Versus First-Order Logic to Query Temporal Databases.
Epidemic Algorithms in Replicated Databases (Extended Abstract).
Synapse Approach to Database Recovery.
In Memoriam: Paris C. Kanellakis.
On Preservation under Homomorphisms and Unions of Conjunctive Queries.
Method Schemas.
A New Basis for the Weak Instance Model.
Regular rewriting of active XML and unambiguity.
Efficient Query Answering in the Representative Instance Approach.
Information Theoretic Aspects of Data Bases.
Cut & Paste.
Representing and Querying XML with Incomplete Information.
Assumptions in Relational Database Theory.
Non-Deterministic Languages to Express Deterministic Transformations.
Updating Databases in the Weak Instance Model.
Transactions and Integrity Constraints.
Chordality Properties on Graphs and Minimal Conceptual Connections in Semantic Data Models.
Deciding Properties of Transactional Schemas.
Models and Issues in Data Stream Systems.
A Transcation Language Complete for Database Update and Specification.
Maintaining variance and k-medians over data stream windows.
Procedural and Declarative Database Update Languages.
Decidability and Undecidability Results for the Termination Problem of Active Database Rules.
Regular Path Queries with Constraints.
Relative Serializbility: An Approach for Relaxing the Atomicity of Transactions.
Extended Commitment Ordering or Guaranteeing Global Serializability by Applying Commitment Order Selectivity to Global Transactions.
Relational Transducers for Electronic Commerce.
Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Database-friendly random projections.
A Calculus for Complex Objects.
Bounded Arity Datalog (!=) Queries on Graphs.
Magic Sets and Other Strange Ways to Implement Logic Programs.
On Datalog vs. Polynomial Time.
Algebraic Versus Probabilistic Independence in Data Bases.
Answering Queries Using Views with Arithmetic Comparisons.
On the Memory Requirements of XPath Evaluation over XML Streams.
The Parallel Complexity of Simple Chain Queries.
Buffering in query evaluation over XML streams.
Convergence of Sideways Query Evaluation.
Conceptual-To-Internal Mappings in Commercial Database Systems.
Indexing Moving Points.
Concepts for a Database System Compiler.
Efficient Searching with Linear Constraints.
On the Representation of Infinite Temporal Data and Queries.
k-Means Projective Clustering.
New Data Models and Languages - the Challenge.
On the Effects of Dimensionality Reduction on High Dimensional Similarity Search.
Compatible Attributes in a Universal Relation.
On nearest neighbor indexing of nonlinear trajectories.
Accessing Information from Globally Distributed Knowledge Repositories.
Concurrency Control in Graph Protocols by Using Edge Locks.
Achieving anonymity via clustering.
Elimination of Intersection Anomalies from Database Schemes.
A New Framework For Itemset Generation.
Bounds on the Propagation of Selection into Logic Programs.
Privacy in data systems.
Rewriting Queries Using Views in Description Logics.
Tutorial Database Mining.
Subtyping in OODB's.
On the Design and Quantification of Privacy Preserving Data Mining Algorithms.
Functional and Predicative Programming in OODB's.
Locks with Constrained Sharing.
Estimating arbitrary subset sums with few probes.
On Genericity and Parametricity.
Tracking Join and Self-Join Sizes in Limited Storage.
Sets and Negation in a Logic Database Language (LDL1).
XML with Data Values: Typechecking Revisited.
On the Power of Magic.
Reducing Recovery Constraints on Locking based Protocols.
The Valid Model Semantics for Logic Programs.
Correctness and Parallelism of Composite Systems.
Soft stratification for magic set based query evaluation in deductive databases.
Correctness in General Configurations of Transactional Components.
Implementing Deductive Databases by Linear Programming.
Applying an Update Method to a Set of Receivers.
Cache-oblivious string B-trees.
Computational Properties of Metaquerying Problems.
An adaptive packed-memory array.
Maintenance of Stratified Databases Viewed as a Belief Revision System.
Relational Expressive Power of Constraint Query Languages.
Characterizing Memory Requirements for Queries over Continuous Data Streams.
XPath satisfiability in the presence of DTDs.
Approximate Counts and Quantiles over Sliding Windows.
Verifiable Properties of Database Transactions.
A Cost Model For Nearest Neighbor Search in High-Dimensional Data Space.
Two-variable logic on data trees and XML reasoning.
Semistructured Data.
A Semantics for Complex Objects and Approximate Queries.
Path Constraints in Semistructured and Structured Databases.
Interaction between Path and Type Constraints.
On Propagation of Deletions and Annotations Through Views.
Counting triangles in data streams.
Interpolation-Based Index Maintenance.
Index Maintenance for Non-Uniform Record Distributions.
Semi-determinism.
Reflective Programming in the Relational Algebra.
The Expressive Power of Structured Values in Pure OODB's.
Type Inference in the Polymorphic Relational Algebra.
A condensed representation to find frequent patterns.
The Size of a Revised Knowledge Base.
Knowledge Compilation = Query Rewriting + View Synthesis.
On the Complexity of Join Predicates.
Computational Complexity of Itemset Frequency Satisfiability.
Analyzing workflows implied by instance-dependent access rules.
On the decidability and complexity of query answering over inconsistent and incomplete databases.
On the Decidability of Query Containment under Constraints.
Logical Foundations of Peer-To-Peer Data Integration.
View-Based Query Processing for Regular Path Queries with Inverse.
Lossless Regular Views.
View-based query containment.
Rewriting of Regular Expressions and Regular Path Queries.
Making Object-Oriented Schemas More Expressive.
Granularity Hierarchies in Concurrency Control.
Load Control for Locking: The 'Half-and-Half' Approach.
A Theory of Data Dependencies over Relational Expressions.
Inclusion Dependencies and Their Interaction with Functional Dependencies.
On the Correctness of a Local Storage Subsystem.
Towards a Sound View Integration Methodology.
Formal Data Base Specification - An Eclectic Perspective.
The expressivity of XPath with transitive closure.
Containment and Minimization of Positive Conjunctive Queries in OODB's.
On the Properties and Characterization of Connection-tap-free Schemes.
On Designing Database Schemes Bounded or Constant-time-maintainable with respect to Functional Dependencies.
Independence-reducible Database Schemes.
Independent and Separable Database Schemes.
Theory of Database Queries.
Horn Clauses and the Fixpoint Query Hierarchy.
Using Witness Generators to Support Bi-directional Update Between Object-Based Databases.
Towards Estimation Error Guarantees for Distinct Values.
On the Complexity of Approximate Query Optimization.
Safe Locking Policies for Dynamic Databases.
Detecting Redundant Tuples During Query Evaluation.
Finding Nonrecursive Envelopes for Datalog Predicates.
An Overview of Query Optimization in Relational Systems.
Can Datalog be Approximated?
On the Equivalence of Recursive and Nonrecursive Datalog Programs.
Optimization of Conjunctive Queries.
On the Complexity of Equivalence between Recursive and Nonrecursive Datalog Programs.
Scheduling Problems in Parallel Query Optimization.
From Discrepancy to Declustering: Near optimal multidimensional declustering strategies for range queries.
Selectivity Estimation for Boolean Queries.
Optimal Response Time Retrieval of Replicated Data.
C-Logic of Complex Objects.
Query Evaluation under the Well Founded Semantics.
A divide-and-merge methodology for clustering.
Optimal Termination Prococols for Network Partitioning.
The View-Selection Problem Has an Exponential-Time Lower Bound for Conjunctive Queries and Views.
Materializing views with minimal size to answer queries.
Polynomial Time Query Processing in Temporal Deductive Databases.
Real-Time Integrity Constraints.
Variable Independence and Aggregation Closure.
Temporal Deductive Databases and Infinite Objects.
Measuring Infinite Relations.
On the Feasibility of Checking Temporal Integrity Constraints.
Data Base Design Principles for Striping and Placement of Delay-Sensitive Data on Disks.
Least Expected Cost Query Optimization: What Can We Expect?
Least Expected Cost Query Optimization: An Exercise in Utility.
Fast Time-Series Searching with Scaling and Shifting.
A Cost Model for Similarity Queries in Metric Spaces.
Using LDAP Directory Caches.
Equivalence of queries combining set and bag-set semantics.
Labeling Dynamic XML Trees.
Equivalences among Aggregate Queries with Negation.
Rewriting Aggregate Queries Using Views.
Maintaining time-decaying stream aggregates.
An incremental algorithm for computing ranked full disjunctions.
Why a Single Parallelization Strategy in not Enough in Knowledge Bases.
A Query Language for List-Based Complex Objects.
Flow algorithms for two pipelined filter ordering problems.
Equivalence of Views by Query Capacity.
GraphLog: a Visual Formalism for Real Life Recursion.
Algebras for Querying Text Regions.
Space- and time-efficient deterministic algorithms for biased quantiles over data streams.
What's hot and what's not: tracking most frequent items dynamically.
Space efficient mining of multigraph streams.
The Complexity of Evaluating Relational Queries.
Updates of Relational Views.
On the First-Order Expressibility of Recursive Queries.
Inherent Complexity of Recursive Queries (Extended Abstract).
Functional and Inclusion Dependencies: A Graph Theoretic Approach.
Parallel Evaluation of Recursive Rule Queries.
Partition Semantics for Relations.
Dynamic Query Interpretation in Relational Databases.
On the Recognition and Design of Acyclic Databases.
Information Dependencies.
Pipelining in Multi-Query Optimization.
Expressive Power and Data Complexity of Query Languages for Trees and Lists.
Logic Based Modeling and Analysis of Workflows.
Computational Aspects of Resilient Data Extraction from Semistructured Sources.
Minimal Data Upgrading to Prevent Inference and Association.
Processing Queries with Quantifiers: A Horticultural Approach.
An Extended Relational Algebra with Control over Duplicate Elimination.
Decomposing an N-ary Relation into a Tree of Binary Relations.
Formal Limits on the Automatic Generation and Maintenance of Integrity Constraints.
Database Method Schemas and Object Creation.
Determining source contribution in integration systems.
Specification and Verification of Data-driven Web Services.
Verification of communicating data-driven web services.
Revealing information while preserving privacy.
On producing join results early.
Histograms revisited: when are histograms the best approximation method for aggregates over joins?
Datalog Expressiveness of Chain Queries: Grammar Tools and Characterizations.
Space-Bounded FOIES.
Expressibility of Bounded-Arity Fixed-Point Query Hierarchies.
Answering Recursive Queries Using Views.
Geographic Database Systems: Issues and Research Needs (Abstract).
On the Complexity of Propositional Knowledge Base Revision, Updates, and Counterfactuals.
Complexity Aspects of Various Semantics for Disjunctive Databases.
Adding Disjunction to Datalog.
A Decision Procedure for Conjunctive Query Disjointness.
Independence of Logic Database Queries and Updates.
Extendible Hashing for Concurrent Operations and Distributed Data.
Concurrency and Linear Hashing.
Safety and Translation of Calculus Queries with Scalar Functions.
Dynamic Tree Isomorphism via First-Order Updates.
Limiting privacy breaches in privacy preserving data mining.
Inverting schema mappings.
Combining Fuzzy Information from Multiple Systems.
Fuzzy Queries in Multimedia Database Systems.
Multi-structural databases.
Data exchange: getting to the core.
Comparing and Aggregating Rankings with Ties.
Optimal Aggregation Algorithms for Middleware.
Composing Schema Mappings: Second-Order Dependencies to the Rescue.
On the Semantics of Updates in Databases.
Beyond Uniformity and Independence: Analysis of R-trees Using the Concept of Fractal Dimension.
Declustering Using Error Correcting Codes.
Fractals for Secondary Key Retrieval.
On XML Integrity Constraints in the Presence of DTDs.
Integrity Constraints for XML.
Allocating isolation levels to transactions.
Nested Transactions and Read/Write Locking.
A Serialization Graph Construction for Nested Transactions.
Replicated Declustering of Spatial Data.
Two-dimensional Substring Indexing.
Weak Multivalued Dependencies.
Impossibility of Distributed Consensus with One Faulty Process.
Sacrificing Serializability to Attain High Availability of Data.
Query Containment for Conjunctive Queries with Regular Expressions.
Concurrency Control Mechanisms and the Serializability of Concurrent Tree Algorithms.
The logic of RDF and SPARQL: a tutorial.
Mining Optimized Association Rules for Numeric Attributes.
Peer data exchange.
Weak Temporal Relations.
A Query Language for a Homogeneous Temporal Database.
Join-distinct aggregate estimation over update streams.
Efficient and Acurate Cost Models for Parallel Query Optimization.
Minimum and Maximum Predicates in Logic Programming.
Deterministic k-set structure.
A Framework for Measuring Changes in Data Characteristics.
Is Byzantine Agreement Useful in a Distributed Database?
Non-Deterministic Queue Operations.
Throughput-Competitive Admission Control for Continuous Media Databases.
Correlating XML data streams using tree-edit distance embeddings.
Deterministic Wavelet Thresholding for Maximum-Error Metrics.
Linear Approximation of Planar Spatial Databases Using Transitive-Closure Logic.
Models and methods for privacy-preserving data publishing and analysis: invited tutorial.
The Alternating Fixpoint of Logic Programs with Negation.
Deriving Constraints Among Argument Sizes in Logic Programs.
The Well-Founded Semantics of Aggregation.
Multiple Join Size Estimation by Virtual Domains.
Unfounded Sets and Well-Founded Semantics for General Logic Programs.
Safety and Correct Translation of Relational Calculus Formulas.
The Extended Closed World Assumpution and its Relationship to Parallel Circumscription.
Optimal and Approximate Computation of Summary Statistics for Range Aggregates.
Sort Sets in the Relational Model.
Pattern Matching by Rs-Operations: Toward a Unified Approach to Querying Sequenced Data.
Asking the right questions: model-driven optimization using probes.
Processing Queries By Linear Constraints.
Programmable clustering.
Unstructured Data Bases or Very Efficient Text Searching.
Tutorial: Text Dominated Databases, Theory Practice and Experience.
External Hashing with Limited Internal Storage.
Research Problems in Genome Databases.
The Tree Property is Fundamental for Query Processing.
Transforming Cyclic Schemas into Trees.
Semantically-based Concurrency Control for Search Structures.
A Recovery Algorithm for a Distributed Database System.
A Simple Analytic Model for Performance of Exclusive Locking in Database Systems.
GYO Reductions, Canonical Connections, Tree and Cyclic Schemas and Tree Projections.
Computing cores for data exchange: new algorithms and practical solutions.
Computing Covers for Embedded Functional Dependencies.
Monadic Datalog and the Expressive Power of Languages for Web Information Extraction.
The Lixto Data Extraction Project - Back and Forth between Theory and Practice.
The complexity of XPath query evaluation.
Conjunctive Queries over Trees.
Robbers, Marshals, and Guards: Game Theoretic and Logical Characterizations of Hypertree Width.
Hypertree Decompositions and Tractable Queries.
Data exchange: computing cores in polynomial time.
Tractable database design through bounded treewidth.
The Complexity of Query Reliability.
Path Expressions in Databases.
Reliable Scheduling of Database Transactions for Unreliable Systems.
Notions of Dependency Satisfaction.
On the Complexity and Axiomatizability of Consistent Database States.
Constant Time Maintenance or The Triumph of the fd.
Independent Database Schemas.
Horn Tables - An Efficient Tool for Handling Incomplete Information in Databases.
Knowledgebase Transformations.
Reasoning about Strings in Databases.
Dependency Characterizations for Acyclic Database Schemes.
Efficient Evaluation for a Subset of Recursive Queries.
Query containment and rewriting using views for regular path queries under constraints.
Greedy by Choice.
Power-Conserving Computation of Order-Statistics over Sensor Networks.
Learning Efficient Query Processing Strategies.
The Parameterized Complexity of Database Queries.
Randomized computations on large data sets: tight lower bounds.
Lower bounds for sorting with few random accesses to external memory.
Query-preserving watermarking of relational databases and XML documents.
Uniform Generation in Spatial Constraint Databases and Applications.
Towards Tractable Algebras for Bags.
Querying Aggregate Data.
Finitely Representable Databases.
Dense-Order Constraint Databases.
Towards Practical Constraint Databases.
On the Content of Materialized Aggregate Views.
Tractable Query Languages for Complex Object Databases.
On the Expressive Power of the Extended Relational Algebra for the Unnormalized Relational Model.
On the Decidability of Semi-Linearity of Semi-Algebraic Sets and Its Implications for Spatial Databases.
Some Classes of Multilevel Relational Structures.
Fast Algorithms For Hierarchical Range Histogram Construction.
Approximate quantiles and the order of the stream.
Data mining, Hypergraph Transversals, and Machine Learning.
Entrepreneurship for Information Systems Researchers (Abstract of Invited Tutorial).
Roads, Codes and Spatiotemporal Queries.
Magic-sets Transformation in Nonrecursive Systems.
The view selection problem for XML content based routing.
Constraint Checking with Partial Information.
The Inference Problem for Template Dependencies.
Foundations of Semantic Web Databases.
Embedded Join Dependencies as a Tool for Decomposing Full Join Dependencies.
Complete Geometrical Query Languages.
Tables as a Paradigm for Querying and Restructuring.
On the Decomposition of Join Dependencies.
A Graph-Oriented Object Database Model.
Structural characterizations of the semantics of XPath as navigation tool on a document.
On the Relative Cost of Sampling for Join Selectivity Estimation.
Fixed-Precision Estimation of Join Selectivity.
Counting Methods for Cyclic Relations.
An Algorithm for Minimizing Roll Back Cost.
An Operational Model for Database System Reliability.
Deleting Completed Transactions.
A Knowledge Theoretic Analysis of Atomic Commitment Protocols.
Serialization Graph Algorithms for Multiversion Concurrency Control.
Transaction Synchronisation in Object Bases.
Algorithmic Aspects of Multiversion Concurrency Control.
Principles of dataspace systems.
From statistical knowledge bases to degrees of belief: an overview.
Reasoning about Nested Functional Dependencies.
Will I be Pretty, Will I be Rich? Some Thoughts on Theory vs. Practice in Systems Engineering (Summary).
On Being Optimistic about Real-Time Constraints.
Multi-valued Dependencies in the Presence of Lists.
Optimal indexing using near-minimal space.
Algebraic Aspects of Relational Database Decomposition.
Canonical View Update Support through Boolean Algebras of Components.
Specification and Implementation of Programs for Updating Incomplete Information Databases.
Decomposition of Relational Schemata into Components Defined by Both Projection and Restriction.
On the Analysis of Indexing Schemes.
Constraint-Based Query Optimization for Spatial Databases.
The Past, Present and Future of Web Information Retrieval.
Hybrid Concurrency Control for Abstract Data Types.
Adaptive Sampling for Geometric Problems over Data Streams.
Space complexity of hierarchical heavy hitters in multi-dimensional data streams.
Functional Database Query Languages as Typed Lambda Calculi of Fixed Order.
Tools for Datalog Boundedness.
Completeness Results for Recursive Data Bases.
Partial-Sum Queries in Data Cubes Using Covering Codes.
Statistical Estimators for Relational Algebra Expressions.
Hierarchical Database Decomposition - A Technique for Database Concurrency Control.
A Decomposition-Based Simulated Annealing Technique for Data Clustering.
Stable Set and Multiset Operations in Optimal Time and Space.
Relative Information Capacity of Simple Relational Database Schemata.
Managing Semantic Heterogeneity in Databases: A Theoretical Perspective.
E-services: a look behind the curtain.
On the Expressive Power of Database Queries with Intermediate Types.
Untyped Sets, Invention, and Computable Queries.
The Format Model: A Theory of Database Organization.
On the Equivalence of Database Restructurings Involving Object Identifiers.
OLAP Dimension Constraints.
Using Semiouterjoins to Process Queries in Multidatabase Systems.
On the Containment and Equivalence of Database Queries with Linear Constraints.
Relative Knowledge in a Distributed Database.
The Relational Model of Data and Cylindrial Algebras.
Inverting Relational Expressions - A Uniform and Natural Technique for Various Database Problems.
Explicit Control of Logic Programs Through Rule Algebra.
On Lossless Transformation of Database Schemes not Necessarily Satisfying Universal Instance Assumption.
Complexity of Query Processing in Databases with OR-Objects.
The Expressiveness of a Family of Finite Set Languages.
Remarks on the Algebra of Non First Normal Form Relations.
Similarity-Based Queries.
Managing Rule Conflicts in an Active Database.
View Maintenance Issues for the Chronicle Data Model.
Substring Selectivity Estimation.
Mixed-Approach Algorithms for Transitive Closure.
On Tree-Based Techniques for Query Evaluation.
The containment problem for REAL conjunctive queries with inequalities.
Dynamically Distributed Query Evaluation.
Testing Containment of Conjunctive Queries Under Functional and Inclusion Dependencies.
A Tight Upper Bound on the Benefits of Replication and Consistency Control Protocols.
Utilization of B-trees with Inserts, Deletes and Modifies.
A Framework for the Performance Analysis of Concurrent B-tree Algorithms.
Handling Infinite Temporal Data.
Constraint Programming and Database Languages: A Tutorial.
Constraint Query Languages.
Is Distributed Locking Harder?
Indexing for Data Models with Constraints and Classes.
Queries with Incomplete Answers over Semistructured Data.
Flexible Queries Over Semistructured Data.
Computing full disjunctions.
Axiomatization and Simplification Rules for Relational Transactions.
On the Complexity of the View-Selection Problem.
Efficient gossip-based aggregate computation.
Synopses for Query Optimization: A Space-Complexity Perspective.
Relational Database Behavior: Utilizing Relational Discrete Event Systems and Models.
Increasing the Resilience of Atomic Commit at No Additional Cost.
Algorithms for Translating View Updates to Database Updates for Views Involving Selections, Projections, and Joins.
The Queue Protocol: A Deadlock-free Homogeneous Non-Two-Phase Locking Protocol.
An Experimental Evaluation of Crash Recovery Mechanisms.
Simulatable auditing.
On Computing Functions with Uncertainty.
Algorithms for data migration with cloning.
How to quickly find a witness.
An Axiomatic Approach to Deciding Query Safety in Deductive Databases.
A Logic for Object-Oriented Logic Programming (Maier's O-Logic Revisited).
Declarative Expression of Deductive Database Updates.
Attributed Grammars for Query Language Translations.
XML type checking with macro tree transducers.
The Power of Sampling in Knowledge Discovery.
Small Armstrong Relations for Database Design.
Data Bases in Digital Libraries: Where Computer Science and Information Management Meet.
Test Data for Relational Queries.
Auditing Boolean Attributes.
Practical Algorithms for Finding Prime Attributes and Testing Normal Forms.
Applications of Linear Algebra in Information Retrieval and Hypertext Analysis.
Frontiers of Tractability for Typechecking Simple XML Transformations.
On the complexity of nonrecursive XQuery and functional query languages on complex values.
Conditional XPath, the First Order Complete XPath Dialect.
Processing queries on tree-structured data efficiently.
Performance Analysis of File Organizations that Use Multi-Bucket Data Leaves with Partial Expansions.
On redundancy vs dependency preservation in normalization: an information-theoretic study of 3NF.
Sequences, Datalog and Transducers.
Schema mappings, data exchange, and metadata management.
Ensuring Transaction Atomicity in Multidatabase Systems.
Combinatorial Games In Database Theory.
Performance Evaluation of a Two-Phase Commit Based Protocol for DDBS.
On the Complexity of the Containment Problem for Conjunctive Queries with Built-in Predicates.
Querying Partially Sound and Complete Data Sources.
Why Not Negation by Fixpoint?
Formal Models of Web Queries.
The complexity of data exchange.
Object Migration.
On the Expressive Power of Datalog: Tools and a Case Study.
Concise descriptions of subsets of structured sets.
Conjunctive-Query Containment and Constraint Satisfaction.
The Complexity of Querying Indefinite Data about Linearly Ordered Domains.
On Indexing Mobile Objects.
On the Complexity of Optimal K-Anonymity.
A Framework for Understanding Distributed (Deadlock Detection) Algorithms.
Containment and Equivalence for an XPath Fragment.
Optimal Histograms for Hierarchical Range Queries.
The Revenge of the JD.
Semantic Complexity of Classes of Relational Queries and Query Independent Data Partitioning.
Tight Bounds for 2-Dimensional Indexing Schemes.
Query Containment for Data Integration Systems.
Fixed-Point Query Languages for Linear Constraint Databases.
A Call to Order.
Safety of Non-Well-Locked Trasnaction Systems.
Bounded Ignorance in Replicated Systems.
Group Updates for Relaxed Height-Balanced Trees.
Attribute Agreement.
Theory of Serializability for a Parallel Model of Transactions.
Type Inference for Queries on Semistructured Data.
A Universal Relation Database System Implemented via the Network Model.
Typechecking for XML Transformers.
The Web as a Graph.
Perspectives in Deductive Databases (Abstract).
An Improved Algorithm for Finding a Key of a Relation.
Privacy via pseudorandom sketches.
Logic Programming With Sets.
Inference Rules for Functional and Inclusion Dependencies.
On the Expressive Power of Logic Programming Languages with Sets.
Compatibility and Commutativity in Non-two-phase Locking Protocols.
On the Equivalence of Logical Databases.
On Moving Object Queries.
A New Approach to Database Logic.
Efficient Sequencing Tape-Resident Jobs.
Structural Query Optimization - A uniform Framework for Semantic Query Optimization in Deductive Databases.
Avoiding Cartesian Products in Programs for Multiple Joins.
Inductive Pebble Games and the Expressive Power of Datalog.
An Alternating Fixpoint Tailored to Magic Programs.
Context-sensitive program analysis as database queries.
Traversing Itemset Lattice with Statistical Metric Pruning.
Concurrent Set Manipulation without Locking.
An Algorithm for Ordering Subgoals in NAIL!
Relaxed Multi-Way Trees with Group Updates.
Evolution of page popularity under random web graph models.
Querying Constraints.
Magic Conditions.
Maximal Concurrency by Locking.
Answering Queries in Categorial Data Bases.
On the Optimality of Strategies for Multiple Joins.
The impact of the constant complement approach towards view updating.
Suppressing Marginal Cells to Protect Sensitive Information in a Two-Dimensional Statistical Table.
On Herbrand Semantics and Conflict Serializability of Read-Write Transactions.
Future Directions and Research Problems in the World Wide Web (Abstract).
On the Power of Alexander Templates.
On the Computation of Relational View Complements.
Overbound and Right-Linear Queries.
Modeling Complex Structures in Object-Oriented Databases.
Universal Finiteness and Satisfiability.
A simpler and more efficient deterministic scheme for finding frequent items over sliding windows.
A Discipline for Robustness or Storage Reduction in Binary Search Trees.
The Challenges of Delivering Content on the Internet.
Optimization of Multiple-Relation Multiple-Disjunct Queries.
On the complexity of division and set joins in the relational algebra.
Extended Path Expressions for XML.
Data Integration: A Theoretical Perspective.
An Approximation Algorithm to the File Allocation Problem in Computer Networks.
Equivalence, Query-Reachability, and Satisfiability in Datalog Extensions.
Negation as Failure for First-Order Queries.
Answering Queries Using Views.
Database Updates in Logic Programming.
Answering Queries Using Limited External Processors.
Composition of mappings given by embedded dependencies.
Constraints and Redundancy in Datalog.
Processing First-Order Queries under Limited Access Patterns.
Semantic Query Optimization in Datalog Programs.
Data Independent Recursion in Deductive Databases.
Deciding Containment for Queries with Complex Objects.
One-Sided Recursions.
Relative risk and odds ratio: a data mining perspective.
A Decidable Class of Bounded Recursions.
Data exchange and incomplete information.
Stochastic Service Guarantees for Continuous Data on Multi-Zone Disks.
Normalizing Incomplete Databases.
On the Power of Walking for Querying Tree-Structured Data.
Semantic Representations and Query Languages for Or-sets.
Expressiveness of Structured Document Query Languages Based on Attribute Grammars.
New Techniques for Studying Set Languages, Bag Languages and Aggregate Functions.
Typed Query Languages for Databases Containing Queries.
On Relational Algebra with Marked Nulls.
Expressive and Efficient Pattern Languages for Tree-Structured Data.
Query Size Estimation by Adaptive Sampling.
Query Automata.
Referential Actions as Logic Rules.
Blocking for External Graph Searching.
Analysis and Application of Adaptive Sampling.
Uncoupling Updating and Rebalancing in Chromatic Binary Search Trees.
Multilevel Atomicity.
Concurrency Control in Database Structures with Relaxed Balance.
Concurrency Control for Resilient Nested Transactions.
Concurrency Control in a Dynamic Search Structure.
Minimizing Time-Space Cost For Database Version Control.
On the efficiency of checking perfect privacy.
Deciding Equivalences Among Aggregate Queries.
Chasing Constrained Tuple-Generating Dependencies.
A Polymorphic Calculus for Views and Object Sharing.
Using Write-once Memory for Database Storage.
Rearranging Data to Maximize the Efficiency of Compression.
Connections in Acyclic Hypergraphs.
Database Metatheory: Asking the Big Queries.
A Class of Data Structures for Associative Searching.
Worst-case Complexity Analysis of Methods for Logic Query Implementation.
Balanced Multidimensional Extendible Hash Tree.
The Interpolation-Based Grid File.
Storage Mappings for Multidimensional Linear Dynamic Hashing.
Multimedia Support for Databases.
On the Cyclic to Acyclic Scheme Transformation and Solving Cyclic Queries.
On Optimizing Summary-Table-by-Example Queries.
A Normal Form for Nested Relations.
Distributed Management in Local Area Networks.
Are Window Queries Representative for Arbitrary Range Queries?
Towards an Analysis of Range Query Performance in Spatial Data Structures.
Window Query-Optimal Clustering of Spatial Objects.
Scalable computation of acyclic joins.
Processing and Optimization of Multiway Spatial Joins Using R-Trees.
Safety of Datalog Queries over Infinite Databases.
Dependencies revisited for improving data quality.
On Concurrency Control by Multiple Versions.
FTW: fast similarity search under the time warping distance.
Latent Semantic Indexing: A Probabilistic Analysis.
A Transportable Natural Language Database Update System.
Topological Queries in Spatial Databases.
Generalizing Data to Provide Anonymity when Disclosing Information (Abstract).
Multiobjective Query Optimization.
A Lower Bound Theorem for Indexing Schemes and Its Application to Multidimensional Range Queries.
The Complexity of Reliable Concurrency Control.
Linearizing Nonlinear Recursions in Polynomial Time.
Tie-Breaking Semantics and Structural Totality.
Polynomial-Time Program Transformations in Deductive Databases.
On the Complexity of Database Queries.
Differential constraints.
DTD Inference for Views of XML Data.
How to Evaluate Multiple Range-Sum Queries Progressively.
Towards a Theory of Spatial Database Queries.
Process Locking: A Protocol based on Ordered Shared Locks for the Execution of Transactional Processes.
Possibilities and Limitations of Using Flat Operators in Nested Algebra Expressions.
Concurrency Control and Recovery in Transactional Process Management.
Dyn-FO: A Parallel, Dynamic Complexity Class.
Trees, Automata and XML.
LOG Write-Ahead Protocols and IMS/VS Logging.
Inclusion Dependencies and the Universal Instance.
Semantics and Expressiveness Issues in Active Databases.
Improving Database Schemes by Adding Attributes.
A Novel Checkpointing Scheme for Distributed Database Systems.
Transaction Commitment at Minimal Communication Cost.
Semigroup Techniques in Recursive Query Optimization.
Weighted Hypertree Decompositions and Optimal Query Plans.
Every Logic Program Has a Natural Stratification And an Iterated Least Fixed Point Model.
Typing and querying XML documents: some complexity bounds.
A Fault-Tolerant Commit Protocol for Replicated Databases.
Validating Streaming XML Documents.
Towards a Theory of Online Schedulers.
Views and queries: determinacy and rewriting.
Answering Queries Using Templates with Binding Patterns.
Querying Spatial Databases via Topological Invariants.
Querying Websites Using Compact Skeletons.
Parallelizing Datalog Programs by Generalized Pivoting.
Integrating Information by Outerjoins and Full Disjunctions.
Negation and Minimality in Non-Horn Databases.
Analysis of Bounded Disorder File Organization.
Towards a Unified Theory of Concurrency Control and Recovery.
Optimizing Existential Datalog Queries.
On the Complexity of Generating Optimal Plans with Cross Products.
Safety of Recursive Horn Clauses With Infinite Relations.
The Expressive Powers of the Logic Programming Semantics.
Proof-Tree Transformation Theorems and Their Applications.
Numerical document queries.
Locality Preserving Dictionaries: Theory and Application to Clustering in Databases.
Chickens and Eggs: The Interrelationship of Systems and Theory.
On the Complexity of Commit Protocols.
On the Expected Size of Recursive Datalog Queries.
Path Caching: A Technique for Optimal External Searching.
Algorithmics and Applications of Tree and Graph Searching.
Feasible itemset distributions in data mining: theory and application.
Decidability and Expressiveness of Logic Queries.
Strict Histories in Object-Based Database Systems.
Rewriting of Rules Containing Set Terms in a Logic Data Model (LDL).
On Correctness of Non-serializable Executions.
OLAP and Statistical Databases: Similarities and Differences.
Non-reversible Privacy Transformations.
A Generalized Transitive Closure for Relational Queries.
What Should A Database Know?
Determining the Last Process to Fail.
Concurrency on High-trafic Data Elements.
Increasing Availability in Partitioned Database Systems.
On the Semantics of Theory Change: Arbitration between Old and New Information.
Dynamic Assembly of Views in Data Cubes.
On Equivalences of Database Schemes.
The Temporal Query Language TQuel.
Order Preserving Linear Hashing Using Dynamic Key Statistics.
Constraints among Argument Sizes in Logic Programs.
On the decidability and finite controllability of query processing in databases with incomplete information.
Termination Detection in Logic Programs using Argument Sizes.
Conjunctive Selection Conditions in Main Memory.
An Optimal Algorithm for Testing for Safety and Detecting Deadlocks in Locked Transaction Systems.
A Procedural Semantics for Well Founded Negation in Logic Programs.
Data-value Partitioning and Virtual Messages.
Modular Stratification and Magic Sets for DATALOG Programs with Negation.
Modular Architectures for Distributed and Database Systems.
Modular Acyclicity and Tail Recursion in Logic Programs.
Verification of Relational Transducers for Electronic Commerce.
On Negation in HiLog.
Distributed Computation of Web Queries Using Automata.
Relations with Relation Names as Arguments: Algebra and Calculus.
An Operational Approach to Data Bases.
Structural Totality and Constraint Stratification.
Operator placement for in-network stream query processing.
Monotonic Aggregation in Deductive Databases.
Analytical Modeling of Materialized View Maintenance.
Clustered Multiattribute Hash Files.
Pushing Constraint Selections.
Analysis of Disk Arm Movement for Large Sequential Reads.
Flexible Time Management in Data Stream Systems.
Foundations for Multifile Design by Application Partitioning.
Relaxing the Universal Relation Scheme Assumption.
The Reliability of Queries.
Specification and Verification of Abstract Database Types.
Backward Chaining Evaluation in Stratified Disjunctive Theories.
Linear vs. Order Contstrained Queries Over Rational Databases.
Alpha-Acyclic Decompositions of Relational Database Schemes.
Finite Queries do not Have Effective Syntax.
On the Recognition of Coverings of Acyclic Database Hypergraphs.
Compiling Query Constraints.
Properties of Database Schemata with Functional Dependencies.
Forword.
On the Implementation of a Simple Class of Logic Queries for Databases.
Any Algorithm in the Complex Object Algebra with Powerset Needs Exponential Space to Compute Transitive Closure.
Stable Models and Non-Determinism in Logic Programs with Negation.
A Query Language for NC.
Optimization of Sequence Queries in Database Systems.
Performance Results in Multiversion Timestamp Concurrency Control with Predeclared Writesets.
Concurrent Operations on B-Trees with Overtaking.
Token Transactions: Managing Fine-Grained Migration of Data.
On Computing Restricted Projections of Representative Instances.
Tutorial: Languages for Collection Types.
Optimizing Datalog Programs.
A Mean Value Performance Model for Locking in Databases: The Waiting Case.
The Equivalence of Solving Queries and Production Tree Projections.
A Model for the Prediction of R-tree Performance.
On Finite FD-Acyclicity.
A Sound and Complete Query Evaluation Algorithm for Relational Databases with Disjunctive Information.
Representability of Design Objects by Ancestor-Controlled Hierarchical Specifications.
Point vs. Interval-based Query Languages for Temporal Databases.
Using Non-Linear Dynamical Systems for Web Searching and Ranking.
Deductive Databases in Action.
Locking without Blocking: Making Lock Based Concurrent Data Structure Algorithms Nonblocking.
A Semantic Approach to Correctness of Concurrent Transaction Executions.
Open Problems in Electronic Commerce.
The U. R. Strikes Back.
Database Theory: Past and Future.
Bottom-Up Beats Top-Down for Datalog.
The Complexity of Ordering Subgoals.
On the Power of Rule-Based Languages with Sets.
An Expressive Language for Linear Spatial Database Queries.
Deciding well-definedness of XQuery fragments.
Constraint Satisfaction and Database Theory: a Tutorial.
The Implication and Finite Implication Problems for Typed Template Dependencies.
Querying Logical Databases.
On the Integrity of Databases with Incomplete Information.
Decidability and Undecidability Results for Boundedness of Linear Recursive Queries.
Automata Theory for Database Theoreticans.
On the Complexity of Bounded-Variable Queries.
A Web Odyssey: From Codd to XML.
Dynamic Constraints and Database Evolution.
Object Projection Views in the Dynamic Relational Model.
External Memory Algorithms.
Complexity of Nonrecursive Logic Programs with Complex Values.
Can Constant-time Maintainability Be More Practical?
The Precedence-Assignment Model for Distributed Database Concurrency Control Algorithms.
Modeling Hot Spots In Database Systems.
The Impact of Recovery on Concurrency Control.
A Theoretical Foundation of Multi-Level Concurrency Control.
Multi-Level Recovery.
A Model-Theoretic Approach to Updating Logical Databases.
Quasilinear Algorithms for Processing Relational Calculus Expressions.
A Framework for Comparison of Update Semantics.
Distributed Algorithms for Dynamic Replication of Data.
Deadlock-Freedom (and Safety) of Transactions in a Distributed Database.
Normal Forms and Conservative Properties for Query Languages over Collection Types.
Recovery for Transaction Failures in Object-Based Databases.
Tolerating Bounded Inconsistency for Increasing Concurrency in Database Systems.
Context-Based Synchronisation: An Approach beyond Semantics for Concurrency Control.
Magic Factoring of Closure Programs.
Efficiently ordering subgoals with access constraints.
Querying Weak Instances.
Graph-Theoretic Methods in Database Theory.
An Enhanced Inference Mechanism for Generating Relational Algebra Queries.
Three-Valued Formalization of Logic Programming: Is It Needed?
Indexing the Edges - A Simple and Yet Efficient Approach to High-Dimensional Indexing.
Unifying Functional and Multivalued Dependencies for Relational Database Design.
A generic flow algorithm for shared filter ordering problems.
Logical Design of Relational Database Systems.
Database Relations with Null Values.
Efficient Computation of Temporal Aggregates with Range Predicates.
Efficient Aggregation over Objects with Extent.
Finding global icebergs over distributed data sets.
Privacy-enhancing -anonymization of customer data.
Clustering via Matrix Powering.
Data exchange and schema mappings in open and closed worlds.
Evaluating rank joins with optimal cost.
Answering aggregate queries in data exchange.
On the complexity of managing probabilistic XML data.
What is "next" in event processing?
Variance estimation over sliding windows.
The power of two min-hashes for similarity search among hierarchical data objects.
Approximating predicates and expressive queries on probabilistic databases.
Tree-width and functional dependencies in databases.
The chase revisited.
Approximation algorithms for clustering uncertain data.
Type inference for datalog and its application to query optimisation.
Curated databases.
Static analysis of active XML systems.
Complexity and composition of synthesized web services.
Near-optimal dynamic replication in unstructured peer-to-peer networks.
Estimating PageRank on graph streams.
Local Hoare reasoning about DOM.
Machine models and lower bounds for query processing.
Incorporating constraints in probabilistic XML.
On searching compressed string collections cache-obliviously.
The recovery of a schema mapping: bringing exchanged data back.
XPath, transitive closure logic, and nested tree walking automata.
Query evaluation with soft-key constraints.
XPath evaluation in linear time.
Approximation algorithms for co-clustering.
Marrying words and trees.
Non-linear prefixes in query languages.
Privacy, accuracy, and consistency too: a holistic solution to contingency table release.
A crash course on database queries.
The complexity of query containment in expressive fragments of XPath 2.0.
Reasoning about XML update constraints.
Decision trees for entity identification: approximation algorithms and hardness results.
Finding near neighbors through cluster pruning.
Sketching unaggregated data streams for subpopulation-size queries.
Management of probabilistic data: foundations and challenges.
The dichotomy of conjunctive queries on probabilistic structures.
XML transformation by tree-walking transducers with invisible pebbles.
Quasi-inverses of schema mappings.
Expressiveness and complexity of xml publishing transducers.
Polynomial time fragments of XPath with variables.
Maintaining bernoulli samples over evolving multisets.
On reconciling data exchange, data integration, and peer data management.
Generalized hypertree decompositions: np-hardness and tractable variants.
Monadic datalog over finite structures with bounded treewidth.
Provenance semirings.
CWA-solutions for data exchange settings with target dependencies.
Estimating statistical aggregates on probabilistic data streams.
The complexity of reasoning about pattern-based XML schemas.
Maximally joining probabilistic data.
Index-based multidimensional array queries: safety and equivalence.
Queries determined by views: pack your views.
Optimization of continuous queries with shared expensive filters.
On the complexity of deriving schema mappings from database instances.
Shape sensitive geometric monitoring.
Epistemic privacy.
Annotated XML: queries and provenance.
Time-decaying aggregates in out-of-order streams.
Effective characterizations of tree logics.
Towards a theory of schema-mapping optimization.
Efficient Local Flexible Nearest Neighbor Classification.
Health monitoring of a shaft transmission system via hybrid models of PCR and PLS.
Finding Young Stellar Populations in Elliptical Galaxies from Independent Components of Optical Spectra.
Approximate Splitting for Ensembles of Trees using Histograms.
Symmetric Statistical Translation Models for Automatic Image Annotation.
MedMeSH Summarizer: Text Mining for Gene Clusters.
Subspace Clustering of High Dimensional Data.
Transductive De-Noising and Dimensionality Reduction using Total Bregman Regression.
On Error Correlation and Accuracy of Nearest Neighbor Ensemble Classifiers.
Explicit Thermodynamic Properties using Radial Basis Functions Neural Networks.
Privacy-Preserving Multivariate Statistical Analysis: Linear Regression and Classification.
On Abnormality Detection in Spuriously Populated Data Streams.
Finding Clusters of Different Sizes, Shapes, and Densities in Noisy, High Dimensional Data.
Representation is Everything: Towards Efficient and Adaptable Similarity Measures for Biological Data.
Sparse Fisher Discriminant Analysis for Computer Aided Detection.
A Framework for Local Supervised Dimensionality Reduction of High Dimensional Data.
Joint Cluster Analysis of Attribute Data and Relationship Data: the Connected k-Center Problem.
Online Analysis of Community Evolution in Data Streams.
A Top-Down Method for Mining Most-Specific Frequent Patterns in Biological Sequences.
On Variable Constraints in Privacy Preserving Data Mining.
Active Mining of Data Streams.
A Framework for Clustering Massive Text and Categorical Data Streams.
Making Data Mining Models Useful to Model Non-paying Customers of Exchange Carriers.
Confidence Estimation Methods for Partially Supervised Information Extraction.
Ensemble-based Adaptive Intrusion Detection.
Enhancing Communities of Interest Using Bayesian Stochastic Blockmodels.
A Framework for Scalable Cost-sensitive Learning Based on Combing Probabilities and Benefits.
Weighted Clustering Ensembles.
Iterative Deepening Dynamic Time Warping for Time Series.
GRM: A New Model for Clustering Linear Sequences.
Mining Frequent Sequential Patterns under Regular Expressions: A Highly Adaptive Strategy for Pushing Contraints.
Correlation Clustering for Learning Mixtures of Canonical Correlation Models.
Cluster Validity Analysis of Alternative Results from Multi-Objective Optimization.
Robust Estimation for Mixture of Probability Tables based on beta-likelihood.
Expanding the Training Data Space Using Emerging Patterns and Genetic Methods.
A Data Parallel Approach for Large-Scale Gaussian Process Modeling.
Hierarchical Document Classification Using Automatically Generated Hierarchy.
Adapting K-Medians to Generate Normalized Cluster Centers.
Incremental Support Vector Machine Classification.
Extracting Cyber Communities through Patterns.
A Clustering Technique for Mining Data from Text Tables.
On Clustering Binary Data.
Striking Two Birds With One Stone: Simultaneous Mining of Positive and Negative Spatial Patterns.
Hierarchical Document Clustering using Frequent Itemsets.
Efficient Substructure Discovery from Large Semi-structured Data.
Anytime Query-Tuned Kernel Machines via Cholesky Factorization.
The Discovery of Generalized Causal Models with Mixed Variables Using MML Criterion.
Graph-based Methods for Orbit Classification.
Cluster Description Formats, Problems and Algorithms.
On Scaling Up Balanced Clustering Algorithms.
CLSI: A Flexible Approximation Scheme from Clustered Term-Document Matrices.
Clustering with Bregman Divergences.
A Novel Framework for Incorporating Labeled Examples into Anomaly Detection.
Decision Tree Induction in High Dimensional, Hierarchically Distributed Databases.
Semi-Supervised Clustering with Partial Background Information.
Classifying Documents Without Labels.
Fast Mining of Distance-Based Outliers in High Dimensional Datasets.
Active Semi-Supervision for Pairwise Constrained Clustering.
Efficient Mining of Temporally Annotated Sequences.
Learning Simple Relations: Theory and Applications.
Mining Non-Derivable Association Rules.
Dynamic Classification of Online Customers.
A Kernel-Based Semi-Naïve Bayesian Classifier Using P-Trees.
Basic Association Rules.
Statictical Models for Unequally Spaced Time Series.
Name Reference Resolution in Organizational Email Archives.
IFD: Iterative Feature and Data Clustering.
A Latent Dirichlet Model for Unsupervised Entity Resolution.
A New Gravitational Clustering Algorithm.
An Algorithm for Well Structured Subspace Clusters.
Principal Component Analysis and Effective K-Means Clustering.
Probabilistic Multi-State Split-Merge Algorithm for Coupling Parameter Estimates.
Segmentation and dimensionality reduction.
Clustering with Model-level Constraints.
SPID4.7: Discretization Using Successive Pseudo Deletion at Maximum Information Gain Boundary Points.
Nonparametric Density Estimation: Toward Computational Tractability.
Training Support Vector Machines Using Adaptive Clustering.
Mining Unconnected Patterns in Workflows.
Towards the Prediction of Protein Abundance from Tandem Mass Spectrometry Data.
Adaptive Filtering for Efficient Record Linkage.
Matrix Condition Number Prediction with SVM Regression and Feature Selection.
Fast Online SVD Revisions for Lightweight Recommender Systems.
GenIc: A Single-Pass Generalized Incremental Algorithm for Clustering.
A Random Walks Perspective on Maximizing Satisfaction and Profit.
On the Equivalence of Nonnegative Matrix Factorization and Spectral Clustering.
Scalable Name Disambiguation using Multi-level Graph Partition.
Visually Mining through Cluster Hierarchies.
Markov Models for Identification of Significant Episodes.
Efficient Markov Network Structure Discovery using Independence Tests.
Collaborative Document Clustering.
Mining Patters of Activity from Video Data.
Lazy Learning by Scanning Memory Image Lattice.
Automated Knowledge Discovery from Simulators.
Exploiting Hierarchical Domain Values in Classification Learning.
Extracting Precursor Rules from Time SeriesA Classical Statistical Viewpoint.
Lazy Learning for Classification Based on Query Projections.
Depth-First Non-Derivable Itemset Mining.
Area Under ROC Optimisation using a Ramp Approximation.
On Approximate Solutions to Support Vector Machines.
The Power of Second-Order Decision Tables.
Density-Based Clustering over an Evolving Data Stream with Noise.
Mixture Models and Frequent Sets: Combining Global and Local Methods for 0-1 Data.
Cube Lattices: A Framework for Multidimensional Data Mining.
PageRank: HITS and a Unified Framework for Link Analysis.
Summarizing Sequential Data with Closed Partial Orders.
Equivalence of Several Two-Stage Methods for Linear Discriminant Analysis.
The Analysis of Asthma and Exposure Data using Geographic Information Systems and Data Mining Information.
Discovering Frequent Tree Patterns over Data Streams.
The Application of Text Mining Software to Examine Coded Information.
2-Dimensional Singular Value Decomposition for 2D Maps and Images.
R-MAT: A Recursive Model for Graph Mining.
On the Necessary and Sufficient Conditions of a Meaningful Distance Function for High Dimensional Data Space.
Clustering Categorical Data Using the Correlated-Force Ensemble.
Hybrid Data Reduction with Fuzzy Rough Set Theory for Classification.
Message from the Conference Co-Chairs.
Trend Relational Analysis and Grey-Fuzzy Clustering Method.
A Semantic Approach for Mining Hidden Links from Complementary and Non-interactive Biomedical Literature.
Detecting the Change of Clustering Structure in Categorical Data Streams.
ClosedPROWL: Efficient Mining of Closed Frequent Continuities by Projected Window List Technology.
Learning Bayesian Network Structure from Distributed Data.
Discarding Insignificant Rules during Impact Rule Discovery in Large, Dense Databases.
Personalized Knowledge Discovery: Mining Novel Association Rules from Text.
Finding Sequential Patterns from a Massive Number of Spatio-Temporal Events.
SeqIndex: Indexing Sequences by Sequential Pattern Analysis.
Estimation of Topological Dimension.
Conquest: A Distributed Tool for Constructing Summaries of High-Dimensional Discrete Attribute Data Sets.
Knowledge Discovery from Heterogeneous Dynamic Systems using Change-Point Correlations.
Loadstar: A Load Shedding Scheme for Classifying Data Streams.
Constructing Time Decompositions for Analyzing Time-Stamped Documents.
Feature Mining Paradigms for Scientific Data.
Discovering Frequent Substructures from Hierarchical Semi-structured Data.
A New Privacy-Preserving Distributed k-Clustering Algorithm.
Summarizing and Mining Skewed Data Streams.
Communication and Memory Efficient Parallel Decision Tree Construction.
On the Techniques for Data Clustering with Numerical Constraints.
Shared Memory Paraellization of Data Mining Algorithms: Techniques, Programming Interface, and Performance.
IREP++, A Faster Rule Learning Algorithm.
Hierarchical Clustering for Thematic Browsing and Summarization of Large Sets of Association Rules.
Using Compression to Identify Classes of Inauthentic Texts.
CREDOS: Classification Using Ripple Down Structure (A Case for Rare Classes).
K-Means Clustering Over a Large, Dynamic Network.
Learning to Read Between the Lines: The Aspect Bernoulli Model.
Visualizing Clustering Results.
Exploiting Relationships for Domain-Independent Data Cleaning.
Clustering with Constraints: Feasibility Issues and the k-Means Algorithm.
DOMISA: DOM-Based Information Space Adsorption of Web Information Hierarchy Mining.
Tesselation and Clustering by Mixture Models and Their Parallel Implementations.
Risk-Sensitive Learning via Expected Shortfall Minimization.
Mining Text for Word Senses Using Independent Component Analysis.
Weighted Consensus Clustering.
VEDAS: A Mobile and Distributed Data Stream Mining System for Real-Time Vehicle Monitoring.
Three Myths about Dynamic Time Warping Data Mining.
Data Reduction in Support Vector Machines by a Kernelized Ionic Interaction Model.
Fast optimal bandwidth selection for kernel density estimation.
ApproxMAP: Approximate Mining of Consensus Sequential Patterns.
Learning Bayesian Networks from Incomplete Data: An Efficient Method for Generating Approximate Predictive Distributions.
Visualizing RFM Segmentation.
Gaussian Processes for Active Data Mining of Spatial Aggregates.
PCA and kernel PCA using polynomial filtering: a case study on face recognition.
ODAC: Hierarchical Clustering of Time Series Data Streams.
On using Page Cooccurrences for Computing Clickstream Similarity.
Data-Enhanced Predictive Modeling for Sales Targeting.
Spatial Weighted Outlier Detection.
A Systematic Cross-Comparison of Sequence Classifiers.
Using Support Vector Machines for Classifying Large Sets of Multi-Represented Objects.
Continuous-Time Bayesian Modeling of Clinical Data.
Advanced Prototype Machines: Exploring Prototypes for Classification.
Cluster Selection in Divisive Clustering Algorithms.
Density-Connected Subspace Clustering for High-Dimensional Data.
Data-Mining of a Large Virtual Community: Relationship between Users DB and the Web-Log File.
Inference of Node Replacement Recursive Graph Grammars.
Clustering in the Presence of Bridge-Nodes.
Time-series Bitmaps: a Practical Visualization Tool for Working with Large Time Series Databases.
Pushing Feature Selection Ahead Of Join.
Finding Frequent Patterns in a Large Sparse Graph.
Item Sets that Compress.
Text Mining from Site Invariant and Dependent Features for Information Extraction Knowledge Adaptation.
Scan Detection: A Data Mining Approach.
Model-based Clustering With Probabilistic Constraints.
Variational Learning for Noisy-OR Component Analysis.
Nonlinear Manifold Learning for Data Stream.
An incremental data-stream sketch using sparse random projections.
Efficiently Mining Closed Subsequences with Gap Constraints.
A Comparative Study of Anomaly Detection Schemes in Network Intrusion Detection.
Modeling Evolutionary Behaviors for Community-based Dynamic Recommendation.
Cone Cluster Labeling for Support Vector Clustering.
Minimum Sum-Squared Residue Co-Clustering of Gene Expression Data.
Mining Relationship between Triggering and Consequential Events in a Short Transaction Database.
Mixture Density Mercer Kernels: A Method to Learn Kernels Directly from Data.
Slope One Predictors for Online Rating-Based Collaborative Filtering.
Mining for Outliers in Sequential Databases.
Mining Frequent Patterns by Differential Refinement of Clustered Bitmaps.
Iterative Mining for Rules with Constrained Antecedents.
Active Sampling: An Effective Approach to Feature Selection.
Toward Semantic XML Clustering.
Discovering Fully Dependent Patterns.
Resource-Aware Mining with Variable Granularities in Data Streams.
A General Framework for Adaptive Anomaly Detection with Evolving Connectionist Systems.
StarClass: Interactive Visual Classification using Star Coordinates.
An Outlier-based Data Association Method for Linking Criminal Incidents.
Efficient Algorithms for Sequence Segmentation.
On the Optimal Clustering of Sequential Data.
Mining Minimal Contrast Subgraph Patterns.
Mining Frequent Itemsets from Data Streams with a Time-Sensitive Sliding Window.
Efficient Allocation of Marketing Resources using Dynamic Programming.
Using Low-Memory Representations to Cluster Very Large Data Sets.
A Mixture Model for Clustering Ensembles.
Collusion in the U. S. Crop Insurance Program: Applied Data Mining.
CBS: A New Classification Method by Using Sequential Patterns.
Mining Interesting Patterns from Very High Dimensional Data: A Top-Down Row Enumeration Approach.
Decision Tree Classification of Spatial Data Patterns from Videokeratography using Zernicke Polynomials.
Sort-Merge Feature Selection for Video Data.
A General Probabilistic Framework for Mining Labeled Ordered Trees.
Positive Borders or Negative Borders: How to Make Lossless Generator Based Representations Concise.
Privacy Preserving Naïve Bayes Classifier for Vertically Partitioned Data.
Mining Approximate Frequent Itemsets In the Presence of Noise: Algorithm and Analysis.
Mining Frequent Itemsets in Evolving Databases.
Computational Developments of Psi-learning.
On Periodicity Detection and Structural Periodic Similarity.
Mining Control Flow Abnormality for Logic Error Isolation.
Detection of Underrepresented Biological Sequences using Class-Conditional Distribution Models.
Mining Behavior Graphs for "Backtrace" of Noncrashing Bugs.
Influence in Ratings-Based Recommender Systems: An Algorithm-Independent Approach.
Preface.
Field-Theoretic Methods for Intractable Probabilistic Models.
BAMBOO: Accelerating Closed Itemset Mining by Deeply Pushing the Length-Decreasing Support Constraint.
Mining frequent closed itemsets out-of-core.
HARMONY: Efficiently Mining the Best Rules for Classification.
Efficient Mining of Maximal Sequential Patterns Using Multiple Samples.
Near-Neighbor Search in Pattern Distance Spaces.
Efficient Unsupervised Mining from Noisy Data Sets: Application to Clustering Co-occurrence Data.
Building Decision Trees on Records Linked through Key References.
Class-Specific Ensembles for Active Learning.
ATLaS: A Native Extension of SQL for Data Mining.
Autoregressive Tree Models for Time-Series Analysis.
Making Time-Series Classification More Accurate Using Learned Constraints.
Evaluating the Performance of Association Mining Methods in 3-D Medical Image Databases.
Mining Changes of Classification by Correspondence Tracing.
Dynamic Classification of Defect Structures in Molecular Dynamics Simulation Data.
Bayesian K-Means as a "Maximization-Expectation" Algorithm.
The Best Nurturers in Computer Science Research.
A Spectral Clustering Approach To Finding Communities in Graph.
A Pattern Search Method for Model Selection of Support Vector Regression.
Local L2-Thresholding Based Data Mining in Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Mining Relationships Between Interacting Episodes.
Mining Top-K Itemsets over a Sliding Window Based on Zipfian Distribution.
Profiling Protein Families from Partially Aligned Sequences.
Learning to Refine Ontology for a New Web Site Using a Bayesian Approach.
Mining and Validating Localized Frequent Itemsets with Dynamic Tolerance.
Collaborative Information Extraction and Mining from Multiple Web Documents.
One Step Evolutionary Mining of Context Sensitive Associations and Web Navigation Patterns.
Privacy Aware Market Basket Data Set Generation: A Feasible Approach for Inverse Frequent Set Mining.
Robust Clustering for Tracking Noisy Evolving Data Streams.
Kronecker Factorization for Speeding up Kernel Machines.
Segmented Regression Estimators for Massive Data Sets.
A Cutting Algorithm for the Minimum Sum-of-Squared Error Clustering.
Exploiting Parameter Related Domain Knowledge for Learning in Graphical Models.
Efficient Filtering of Large DatasetA User-Centric Paradigm.
Mining Temporal Databases for Subsequence Patterns.
A Framework for Discovering Co-Location Patterns in Data Sets with Extended Spatial Objects.
An Abstract Weighting Framework for Clustering Algorithms.
HICAP: Hierarchical Clustering with Pattern Preservation.
Dissimilarity Measures for Detecting Hepatotoxicity in Clinical Trial Data.
A Random Walks Method for Text Classification.
RBA: An Integrated Framework for Regression based on Association Rules.
CloSpan: Mining Closed Sequential Patterns in Large Databases.
Exploiting Geometry for Support Vector Machine Indexing.
STAMP: On Discovery of Statistically Important Pattern Repeats in Long Sequential Data.
SUMSRM: A New Statistic for the Structural Break Detection in Time Series.
Privacy-Preserving Classification of Customer Data without Loss of Accuracy.
Reservoir-Based Random Sampling with Replacement from Data Stream.
A Foundational Approach to Mining Itemset Utilities from Databases.
Text Mining Using Non-Negative Matrix Factorizations.
CPM: A Covariance-preserving Projection Method.
Approximate Query Answering by Model Averaging.
CPAR: Classification based on Predictive Association Rules.
Generalized Sensitivity Analysis: A Framework for Evaluating Data Analysis Results.
Discovery of Co-evoluting Spatial Co-located Event Sets.
Surveying Data for Patchy Structure.
Instance Selection Techniques for Memory-based Collaborative Filtering.
Detecting Periodicity in Nonideal Datasets.
WFIM: Weighted Frequent Itemset Mining with a weight range and a minimum weight.
Analytical Evaluation of Clustering Results Using Computational Negative Controls.
WIP: mining Weighted Interesting Patterns with a strong weight and/or support affinity.
Transform Regression and the Kolmogorov Superposition Theorem.
CHARM: An Efficient Algorithm for Closed Itemset Mining.
Cross Table Cubing: Mining Iceberg Cubes from Data Warehouses.
Deriving Private Information from Randomly Perturbed Ratings.
Correcting Sampling Bias in Structural Genomics through Iterative Selection of Underrepresented Targets.
VizCluster: An Interactive Visualization Approach to Cluster Analysis and Its Application on Microarray Data.
Why the Information Explosion Can Be Bad for Data Mining, and How Data Fusion Provides a Way Out.
Mining Frequent Agreement Subtrees in Phylogenetic Databases.
Parallel Computation of RBF Kernels for Support Vector Classifiers.
Learning from Incomplete Ratings Using Non-negative Matrix Factorization.
Topic-driven Clustering for Document Datasets.
Scalable, Balanced Model-based Clustering.
A Spamicity Approach to Web Spam Detection.
Direct Density Ratio Estimation for Large-scale Covariate Shift Adaptation.
Sketching Landscapes of Page Farms.
Robust, Complete, and Efficient Correlation Clustering.
On Point Sampling Versus Space Sampling for Dimensionality Reduction.
On Privacy-Preservation of Text and Sparse Binary Data with Sketches.
On Anonymization of String Data.
Unsupervised Segmentation of Conversational Transcripts.
Robust Clustering in Arbitrarily Oriented Subspaces.
Feature Selection with the logRatio Kernel.
Graph Mining with Variational Dirichlet Process Mixture Models.
A General Model for Multiple View Unsupervised Learning.
Efficient Distribution Mining and Classification.
A Stagewise Least Square Loss Function for Classification.
Mining Sequence Classifiers for Early Prediction.
The Asymmetric Approximate Anytime Join: A New Primitive with Applications to Data Mining.
Probabilistic Joint Feature Selection for Multi-task Learning.
Discovering Relational Items Sets Efficiently.
Efficient Maximum Margin Clustering via Cutting Plane Algorithm.
A general framework for estimating similarity of datasets and decision trees: exploring semantic similarity of decision trees.
Exploiting Structured Reference Data for Unsupervised Text Segmentation with Conditional Random Fields.
Mining and Ranking Generators of Sequential Patterns.
Clustering from Constraint Graphs.
Semi-Supervised Learning Based on Semiparametric Regularization.
Outlier Detection with Uncertain Data.
Spatial Scan Statistics for Graph Clustering.
Simultaneous Unsupervised Learning of Disparate Clusterings.
Large-Scale Many-Class Learning.
Constrained Co-clustering of Gene Expression Data.
A RELIEF Based Feature Extraction Algorithm.
Spatio-Temporal Partitioning for Improving Aerosol Prediction Accuracy.
The PageTrust Algorithm: How to rank web pages when negative links are allowed?
Similarity Measures for Categorical Data: A Comparative Evaluation.
Latent Variable Mining with Its Applications to Anomalous Behavior Detection.
Statistical Density Prediction in Traffic Networks.
Mining Complex, Maximal and Complete Sub-graph and Sets of Correlated Variables with Applications to Feature Subset Selection.
Mining Abnormal Patterns from Heterogeneous Time-Series with Irrelevant Features for Fault Event Detection.
Dynamic Non-Parametric Mixture Models and the Recurrent Chinese Restaurant Process: with Applications to Evolutionary Clustering.
A pattern mining approach toward discovering generalized sequence signatures.
Mining Tree Patterns with Almost Smallest Supertrees.
Maximal Quasi-Bicliques with Balanced Noise Tolerance: Concepts and Co-clustering Applications.
Randomizing Social Networks: a Spectrum Preserving Approach.
Load Shedding in Classifying Multi-Source Streaming Data: A Bayes Risk Approach.
An Analysis of Logistic Models: Exponential Family Connections and Online Performance.
Topic Models over Text Streams: A Study of Batch and Online Unsupervised Learning.
Multi-way Clustering on Relation Graphs.
Are approximation algorithms for consensus clustering worthwhile?.
Learning from Time-Changing Data with Adaptive Windowing.
Maximizing the Area under the ROC Curve with Decision Lists and Rule Sets.
WAT: Finding Top-K Discords in Time Series Database.
A PAC Bound for Approximate Support Vector Machines.
Preventing Information Leaks in Email.
Towards Attack-Resilient Geometric Data Perturbation.
Localized Support Vector Machine and Its Efficient Algorithm.
Understanding and Utilizing the Hierarchy of Abnormal BGP Events.
Distributed Top-K Outlier Detection from Astronomy Catalogs using the DEMAC System.
On Sample Selection Bias and Its Efficient Correction via Model Averaging and Unlabeled Examples.
Mining Visual and Textual Data for Constructing a Multi-Modal Thesaurus.
Adaptive Concept Learning through Clustering and Aggregation of Relational Data.
A General Framework for Mining Concept-Drifting Data Streams with Skewed Distributions.
Segmentations with Rearrangements.
Boosting Optimal Logical Patterns Using Noisy Data.
HP2PC: Scalable Hierarchically-Distributed Peer-to-Peer Clustering.
Bursty Feature Representation for Clustering Text Streams.
Flexible Anonymization For Privacy Preserving Data Publishing: A Systematic Search Based Approach.
A System for Keyword Search on Textual Streams.
Co-Preserving Patterns in Bipartite Partitioning for Topic Identification.
Efficient Multiclass Boosting Classification with Active Learning.
Lattice based Clustering of Temporal Gene-Expression Matrices.
Active Learning of Constraints for Semi-supervised Text Clustering.
Change-Point Detection using Krylov Subspace Learning.
Approximating Representations for Large Numerical Databases.
AC-Framework for Privacy-Preserving Collaboration.
Distance Preserving Dimension Reduction for Manifold Learning.
Fast Newton-type Methods for the Least Squares Nonnegative Matrix Approximation Problem.
Stacked Graphical Models for Efficient Inference in Markov Random Fields.
A Better Alternative to Piecewise Linear Time Series Segmentation.
Patterns of Cascading Behavior in Large Blog Graphs.
ROAM: Rule- and Motif-Based Anomaly Detection in Massive Moving Object Data Sets.
PoClustering: Lossless Clustering of Dissimilarity Data.
Clustering by weighted cuts in directed graphs.
Maximum Margin Classifiers with Specified False Positive and False Negative Error Rates.
Incremental Spectral Clustering With Application to Monitoring of Evolving Blog Communities.
Bandits for Taxonomies: A Model-based Approach.
Identifying Bundles of Product Options using Mutual Information Clustering.
Nonlinear Dimensionality Reduction using Approximate Nearest Neighbors.
RCMap: Efficiently Creating High-Quality Euclidean Embeddings.
Constraint-Based Pattern Set Mining.
Dynamic Algorithm for Graph Clustering Using Minimum Cut Tree.
Rank Aggregation for Similar Items.
Higher Order Orthogonal Iteration of Tensors (HOOI) and its Relation to PCA and GLRAM.
Estimating False Negatives for Classification Problems with Cluster Structure.
Less is More: Compact Matrix Decomposition for Large Sparse Graphs.
Kernel Based Detection of Mislabeled Training Examples.
Fast Counting with AV-Space for Efficient Rule Induction.
Mining Naturally Smooth Evolution of Clusters from Dynamic Data.
Fast Multilevel Transduction on Graphs.
Discriminating Subsequence Discovery for Sequence Clustering.
Finding Motifs in a Database of Shapes.
Harmonium Models for Semantic Video Representation and Classification.
Conical Dimension as an Intrinsic Dimension Estimator and its Applications.
Fast Best-Match Shape Searching in Rotation Invariant Metric Spaces.
HACS: Heuristic Algorithm for Clustering Subsets.
On Demand Phenotype Ranking through Subspace Clustering.
Semi-Supervised Dimensionality Reduction.
Semi-supervised Feature Selection via Spectral Analysis.
Computing Statistical Profiles of Active Sites in Proteins.
Preemptive Measures against Malicious Party in Privacy-Preserving Data Mining.
Summarizing Review Scores of "Unequal" Reviewers.
A Feature Selection Algorithm Capable of Handling Extremely Large Data Dimensionality.
ROC-tree: A Novel Decision Tree Induction Algorithm Based on Receiver Operating Characteristics to Classify Gene Expression Data.
CISpan: Comprehensive Incremental Mining Algorithms of Closed Sequential Patterns for Multi-Versional Software Mining.
Creating a Cluster Hierarchy under Constraints of a Partially Known Hierarchy.
Performance of Recommendation Systems in Dynamic Streaming Environments.
The Relevant-set Correlation Model for Data Clustering.
A Range Query Approach for High Dimensional Euclidean Space Based on EDM Estimation.
Integration of Multiple Networks for Robust Label Propagation.
Exploration and Reduction of the Feature Space by Hierarchical Clustering.
Finding a Haystack in Haystacks - Simultaneous Identification of Concepts in Large Bio-Medical Corpora.
Mining Association Rules of Simple Conjunctive Queries.
SpaRClus: Spatial Relationship Pattern-Based Hierarchial Clustering.
Randomization of real-valued matrices for assessing the significance of data mining results.
Practical Private Computation and Zero-Knowledge Tools for Privacy-Preserving Distributed Data Mining.
Deterministic Latent Variable Models and Their Pitfalls.
A Bayesian Technique for Estimating the Credibility of question Answerers.
Type-Independent Correction of Sample Selection Bias via Structural Discovery and Re-balancing.
Semi-Supervised Classification with Universum.
Gaussian Process Learning for Cyber-Attack Early Warning.
Semi-Supervised Clustering via Matrix Factorization.
Roughly Balanced Bagging for Imbalanced Data.
Cluster Ensemble Selection.
Theorectical Analysis of Subsequence Time-Series Clustering from a Frequency-Analysis Viewpoint.
Aerosol Optical Depth Prediction from Satellite Obsercations by Multiple Instance Regression.
Finding Subgroups having Several Descriptions: Algorithms for Redescription Mining.
Massive-Scale Kernel Discriminant Analysis: Mining for Quasars.
Proximity Tracking on Time-Evolving Bipartite Graphs.
Active Learning with Model Selection in Linear Regression.
A New Method for Rule Finding Via Bootstrapped Confidence Intervals.
On Indexing High Demensional Data with Uncertainty.
On the Dangers of Cross-Validation. An Experimental Evaluation.
Semi-supervised Multi-label Learning by Solving a Sylvester Equation.
Generic Methods for Multi-criteria Evaluation.
Learning Markov Network Structure using Few Independence Tests.
An Efficient Local Algorithm for Distributed Multivariate Regression in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Exact and Approximate Reverse Nearest Neighbor Search for Multimedia Data.
Data Peeler: Contraint-Based Closed Pattern Mining in n-ary Relations.
Semantic Smoothing for Bayesian Text Classification with Small Training Data.
Semi-supervised Learning of a Markovian Metric.
Formal models for expert finding in enterprise corpora.
Latent Semantic Indexing is an Optimal Special Case of Multidimensional Scaling.
Latent semantic-space: iterative scaling improves precision of inter-document similarity measurement.
Automatic Combination of Multiple Ranked Retrieval Systems.
Planning in an Expert System for Automated Information Retrieval.
The Paraphrase Search Assistant: Terminological Feedback for Iterative Information Seeking.
Discovering and structuring information flow among bioinformatics resources.
Iterative Residual Rescaling: An Analysis and Generalization of LSI.
Adapting a Data Organization to the Structure of Stored Information.
A joint framework for collaborative and content filtering.
Why spectral retrieval works.
Type less, find more: fast autocompletion search with a succinct index.
Information Retrieval Using a Transportable Natural Language Interface.
Applying User Research Directly to Information System Design (panel session).
A Probabilistic Model for Distributed Information Retrieval.
A Probabilitstic Solution to the Selection and Fusion Problem in Distributed Information Retrieval.
SETS: search enhanced by topic segmentation.
A Block Structured Query Language for Accessing a Relational Data Base.
Rpref: a generalization of Bpref towards graded relevance judgments.
Using manually-built web directories for automatic evaluation of known-item retrieval.
Hourly analysis of a very large topically categorized web query log.
Surrogate scoring for improved metasearch precision.
Adaptive Information Retrieval: Using a Connectionist Representation to Retrieve and Learn About Documents.
Captive approach for building user model in an information retrieval context.
On the Nature and Function of Explanation in Intelligent Information Retrieval.
In Memoriam - B. C. Brookes.
Evaluating Interactive Retrieval Systems.
Effect of Multiple Query Representations on Information Retrieval System Performance.
Using Structural Representations of Anomalous States of Knowledge for Choosing Document Retrieval Strategies.
Determining the Functionality and Features of an Intelligent Interface to an Information Retrieval System.
Challenges in using lifetime personal information stores.
The Design of a High Performance Information Filtering System.
Exploiting Clustering and Phrases for Context-based Information Retrieval.
Posting Compression in Dynamic Retrieval Environments.
An Evaluation of Languages for the Implementation of Information Storage and Retrieval Systems.
Incremental Relevance Feedback.
A French Text Recognition Model for Information Retrieval System.
A Document Retrieval Model Based on Term Frequency Ranks.
A light weight PDA-friendly collection fusion technique.
Optimal Demand-oriented Topology for Hypertext Systems.
Towards Language Independent Automated Learning of Text Categorisation Models.
The Score-Distributional Threshold Optimization for Adaptive Binary Classification Tasks.
eMailSift: mining-based approaches to email classification.
A complex document information processing prototype.
Improving web search ranking by incorporating user behavior information.
Research Toward the Development of a Lexical Knowledge Base for Natural Language Processing.
Improving document representation by accumulating relevance feedback (abstract only): the relevance feedback accumulation algorithm.
Learning user interaction models for predicting web search result preferences.
P-Trees: Storage Efficient Multiway Trees.
Analysis of factoid questions for effective relation extraction.
The On-Line Interface of Library Management and Document Retrieval Systems.
ACHIRA: Automatic Construction of Hypertexts for Information Retrieval Applications (Abstract).
A testbed for people searching strategies in the WWW.
A Two-Level Hypertext Retrieval Model for Legal Data.
Semantic Explorer - navigation in documents collections, Proxima Daily - learning personal newspaper.
Design of an OPAC Database to Permit Different Subject Searching Accesses in a Multi-Disciplines Universities Library Catalogue Database.
An information-theoretic measure for document similarity.
HAT: a hardware assisted TOP-DOC inverted index component.
Bayes optimal metasearch: a probabilistic model for combining the results.
Summary evaluation and text categorization.
Models for Metasearch.
BABEL: A Base for an Experimental Library.
Metasearch Consistency.
The feature quantity: an information theoretic perspective of Tfidf-like measure.
A unified model for metasearch and the efficient evaluation of retrieval systems via the hedge algorithm.
Analysis of Multiterm Queries in a Dynamic Signature File Organization.
Measure-based metasearch.
A statistical method for system evaluation using incomplete judgments.
Computerised Information Retrieval Systems for Open Learning.
On the effectiveness of evaluating retrieval systems in the absence of relevance judgments.
Relevance Feedback With Too Much Data.
Inferring document relevance via average precision.
Incremental Relevance Feedback for Information Filtering.
The maximum entropy method for analyzing retrieval measures.
When will information retrieval be "good enough"?
A geometric interpretation of r-precision and its correlation with average precision.
Temporal Summaries of News Topics.
Using Semantic Contents and WordNet in Image Retrieval.
Stemming in the language modeling framework.
Multiple evidence combination in image retrieval: diogenes searches for people on the Web.
On-Line New Event Detection and Tracking.
Using part-of-speech patterns to reduce query ambiguity.
New paradigms in information visualization.
Retrieval and novelty detection at the sentence level.
Discovery of aggregate usage profiles based on clustering information needs.
Cognitive Differences in End User Searching of a CD-ROM Index.
The Semantic Binary Relationship Model of Information.
Perceptual Speed, Learning and Information Retrieval Performance.
Adaptive query-based sampling for distributed IR.
Searching the Deep Web - Distributed Explorit Directed Query Applications.
Probabilistic hyperspace analogue to language.
Clustering of search results using temporal attributes.
Investigating the relationship between language model perplexity and IR precision-recall measures.
Automatic Linking Of Thesauri.
User biased document language modelling.
Does ``authority'' mean quality? predicting expert quality ratings of Web documents.
Automatic construction of known-item finding test beds.
The use of unlabeled data to improve supervised learning for text summarization.
Basic issues on the processing of web queries.
CueVideo: Automated Video/Audio Indexing and Browsing (demonstration abstract).
Latent semantic indexing model for boolean query formulation.
Scaling IR-system evaluation using term relevance sets.
Generalizing PageRank: damping functions for link-based ranking algorithms.
Web-a-where: geotagging web content.
Addressing the Requirements of a Dynamic Corporate Textual Information Base.
Preface, Conference Committee.
An experimental comparison of naive bayesian and keyword-based anti-spam filtering with personal e-mail messages.
A New Approach to Text Searching.
Graph-based text classification: learn from your neighbors.
Efficient phrase querying with an auxiliary index.
Impact transformation: effective and efficient web retrieval.
PENG: integrated search of distributed news archives.
Simplified similarity scoring using term ranks.
Examining assessor attributes at HARD 2005.
Pruned query evaluation using pre-computed impacts.
An interface to search human movements based on geographic and chronological metadata.
Using terminological feedback for web search refinement: a log-based study.
Modern Classical Document Indexing: A Linguistic Contribution to Knowledge-Based IR.
Adapting a Full-text Information Retrieval System to the Computer Troubleshooting Domain.
Distributional Clustering of Words for Text Classification.
A Direct Manipulation Interface for Boolean Information Retrieval via Natural Language Query.
Phrasal Translation and Query Expansion Techniques for Cross-language Information Retrieval.
Versioning a Full-text Information Retrieval System.
Resolving Ambiguity for Cross-Language Retrieval.
Integrating a Dynamic Lexicon with a Dynamic Full-Text Retrieval System.
MIND: resource selection and data fusion in multimedia distributed digital libraries.
Improving collection selection with overlap awareness in P2P search engines.
Evaluation of filtering current news search results.
Automatic web query classification using labeled and unlabeled training data.
On Feature Distributional Clustering for Text Categorization.
Query length in interactive information retrieval.
COREL - A Conceptual Retrieval System.
Using asymmetric distributions to improve text classifier probability estimates.
Detecting action-items in e-mail.
Probabilistic combination of text classifiers using reliability indicators: models and results.
Bridging the lexical chasm: statistical approaches to answer-finding.
Information Retrieval as Statistical Translation.
OCELOT: a system for summarizing Web pages.
A comparison of various approaches for using probabilistic dependencies in language modeling.
Indexing Medical Reports in a Multimedia Environment: The RIME Experimental Approach.
Fundamental Properties of Aboutness (poster abstract).
Solving Grammatical Ambiguities within a Surface Syntactical Parser for Automatic Indexing.
Topic prediction based on comparative retrieval rankings.
User expectations from XML element retrieval.
Why current IR engines fail.
Improved Algorithms for Topic Distillation in a Hyperlinked Environment.
Project Envision (Demo).
Composite Document Extended Retrieval - An Overview.
The Automatic Indexing System AIR/PHYS -- From Research to Application.
Bias and the limits of pooling.
On the Architecture of a System Integrating Data Base Management and Information Retrieval.
Optimization of Inverted Vector Searches.
When query expansion fails.
Optimization of Relevance Feedback Weights.
ICA and SOM in text document analysis.
Efficient Context-Sensitive Plausible Inference for Information Disclosure.
Multiple Access and Retrieval of Information with Annotations (Demo).
DefScriber: a hybrid system for definitional QA.
The Effect of Adding Relevance Information in a Relevance Feedback Environment.
Characterization of a simple case of the reassignment of document identifiers as a pattern sequencing problem.
Evaluating evaluation measure stability.
Theoretical benchmarks of XML retrieval.
Retrieval evaluation with incomplete information.
Modeling annotated data.
Performance Measurement in a Fuzzy Retrieval Environment.
Topic Segmentation with an Aspect Hidden Markov Model.
LIARS: A Software Environment for Testing Query Processing Strategies.
The TIJAH XML information retrieval system.
Investigating Aboutness Axioms using Information Fields.
Courseware, Training and Curriculum in Information Retrieval (Workshop Abstract).
Automatic Document Classification: Natural Language Processing, Statistical Analysis, and Expert System Techniques used together.
Surrogate Subsets: A Free Space Management Strategy for the Index of a Text Retrieval System.
Question classification with log-linear models.
Retrieval Activities in a Database Consisting of Heterogeneous Collections of Structured Text.
Testing algorithms is like testing students.
Hybrid index maintenance for growing text collections.
Document retrieval from user-selected web sites.
Term proximity scoring for ad-hoc retrieval on very large text collections.
The Normalized Recall and Related Measures.
An exploratory web log study of multitasking.
Two Axioms for Evaluation Measures in Information Retrieval.
Title, Conference Committee, Table of Contents, Author Index.
Evaluating sources of query expansion terms.
Measurement-Theoretical Investigation of the MZ-Metric.
Title, Preface, Conference Committee, Reviewers, Table of Contents.
Inferring Probability of Relevance Using the Method of Logistic Regression.
Restricted Evaluation in Information Retrieval.
Interactive Internet search: keyword, directory and query reformulation mechanisms compared.
Comparison of using passages and documents for blind relevance feedback in information retrieval.
The LIVE Project - Retrieval Experiments Based on Evaluation Viewpoints.
Title, Preface, Table of Contents, Author Index.
A study of the dirichlet priors for term frequency normalisation.
FAKYR - A Method Base System for Education and Research in Information Retrieval.
Title, Preface, Conference Committee, Table of Contents, Author Index.
Comparing two blind relevance feedback techniques.
A Utility-Theoretic Analysis of Expected Search Length.
Title, Preface, Conference Organization, Program Committee, Table of Contents.
Document clustering with prior knowledge.
Adaptive Linear Information Retrieval Models.
Performance Evaluation of a Distributed Architecture for Information Retrieval.
The Use of Anaphoric Resolution for Document Description in Information Retrieval.
Text categorization by boosting automatically extracted concepts.
A Comparison of Two Weighting Schemes for Boolean Retrieval.
Orthogonal locality preserving indexing.
The Generalized Retrieval Problem.
Tensor space model for document analysis.
Explanation and Generalization of Vector Models in Information Retrieval.
Block-level link analysis.
Implications of Boolean Structures for Probabilistic Retrieval.
Block-based web search.
Performance of Self-Taught Documents: Exploiting Co-Relevance Structure in a Document Collection.
Passage-Level Evidence in Document Retrieval.
Set Oriented Retrieval.
Document Filtering With Inference Networks.
Construction of Optimal Graphs for Bit-Vector Compression.
Learning While Filtering Focuments.
Compression of a Set of Correlated Bitmaps.
An Evaluation of Query Processing Strategies Using the TIPSTER Collection.
Is Huffman Coding Dead?
Resource selection and data fusion in multimedia distributed digital libraries.
Detecting Content-Bearing Words by Serial Clustering.
Searching Distributed Collections with Inference Networks.
Panel Discussion: Information Implications into the Eighties.
Information Retrieval Using a Hypertext-Based Help System.
End User Behavior on an Online Information Retrieval System: A Computer Monitoring Study.
First large-scale information retrieval experiments on turkish texts.
The User's Mental Model of an Information Retrieval System.
A Clustering Scheme.
Individual Differences in the Use of Information Retrieval Systems: Some Issues and Some Data.
Concepts of the Cover-Coefficient-Based Clustering Methodology.
Designing an Information Retrieval Interface Based on User Characteristics.
A Dynamic Cluster Maintenance System for Information Retrieval.
Measures of Relative Relevance and Ranked Half-Life: Performance Indicators for Interactive IR.
A Conceptual Model aod Experiments on How People Classify and Retrieve Documents.
CALIN - A User Interface Based on a Simple Natural Language.
Flexible Selection among Objects: A Framework Based on Fuzzy Sets.
Collaborative filtering with privacy via factor analysis.
Cluster Analysis for Hypertext Systems.
GaP: a factor model for discrete data.
A Knowledge Management Tool for Speech Interfaces (poster abstract).
An industrial-strength content-based music recommendation system.
Improving hierarchical text classification using unlabeled data.
Adapting ranking SVM to document retrieval.
Specifying Queries as Relational Expressions.
Information graphics: an untapped resource for digital libraries.
Community-based snippet-indexes for pseudo-anonymous personalization in web search.
Lessons from TIPSTER/SHOGUN/JANUS.
Evaluating the impact of selection noise in community-based web search.
The Use of MMR, Diversity-Based Reranking for Reordering Documents and Producing Summaries.
Knowledge Representation, Connectionism, and Conceptual Retrieval.
Automatic query refinement using lexical affinities with maximal information gain.
IR-NLI II: Applying Man-Machine Interaction and Artificial Intelligence Concepts to Information Retrieval.
Searching XML documents via XML fragments.
Evaluating User Interfaces to Information Retrieval Systems: A Case Study on User Support.
What makes a query difficult?
A System for new event detection.
A database centric view of semantic image annotation and retrieval.
Efficiently decodable and searchable natural language adaptive compression.
Content Analysis as a Word-Processing Option.
Cite Me, Cite My References? (Scholarly Use of the ACM SIGIR Proceedings Based on Two Citation Indexes).
Minimal test collections for retrieval evaluation.
Keynote Address - exploring, modeling, and using the web graph.
Learning a ranking from pairwise preferences.
Information Technology and the Science of Information.
On the collective classification of email "speech acts".
Using Discourse Analysis for The Design of Information Retrieval Interaction Mechanisms.
How Do the Experts Do It? The Use of Ethnographic Methods as an Aid to Understanding the Cognitive Processing and Retrieval of Large Bodies of Text.
Fast Evaluation of Structured Queries for Information Retrieval.
TIRS: A Topological Information Retrieval System Satisfying the Requirements of the Waller-Kraft Wish List.
Distributed query sampling: a quality-conscious approach.
Knowledge-Based Retrieval of Office Documents.
Outline of a Knowledge Base Model for an Intelligent Information Retrieval System.
Querying Office Systems About Document Roles.
Expectation of f-measures: tractable exact computation and some empirical observations of its properties.
Automated performance assessment in interactive QA.
Bayesian online classifiers for text classification and filtering.
Enhanced Topic Distillation Using Text, Markup Tags, and Hyperlinks.
SPIN: searching personal information networks.
Netserf: Using Semantic Knowledge to Find Internet Information Archives.
Bead: Explorations in Information Visualization.
Subwebs for specialized search.
Multikey Access Methods Based on Term Discrimination and Signature Clustering.
Armadillo: harvesting information for the semantic web.
Stylistic text segmentation.
Personal Browser.
Online Query Refinement on Information Retrieval Systems: A Process Model of Searcher/System Interactions.
Presenting Web Site Search Results in Context: A Demonstration.
Semantic Search and Semantic Categorization (Abstract).
Chinese Text Retrieval Without Using a Dictionary.
On hierarchical web catalog integration with conceptual relationships in thesaurus.
Less is more: probabilistic models for retrieving fewer relevant documents.
Predicting category accesses for a user in a structured information space.
Building a web thesaurus from web link structure.
A location annotation system for personal photos.
Visual SOM (Abstract).
IFind: A Web Image Search Engine.
Translating unknown queries with web corpora for cross-language information retrieval.
Processing Free-Text Input to Obtain a Database of Medical Information.
IOTA: A Full Text Information Retrieval System.
Towards a Fast Precision-Oriented Image Retrieval System.
A Retrieval Model Based on an Extended Modal Logic and its Application to the RIME Experimental Approach.
Fast and Quasi-Natural Language Search for Gigabits of Chinese Texts.
Pat-tree-based Keyword Extraction for Chinese Information Retrieval.
Query based event extraction along a timeline.
Expressive Retrieval from XML Documents.
Using ODP metadata to personalize search.
Topic distillation using hierarchy concept tree.
YellowPager: a tool for ontology-based mining of service directories from web sources.
Full Text Document Retrieval: Hebrew Legal Texts.
Compression of Concordances in Full-Text Retrieval Systems.
Improved Hierarchical Bit-Vector Compression in Document Retrieval Systems.
Improved Techniques for Processing Queries in Full-Text Systems.
Efficient Variants of Huffman Codes in High Level Languages.
Analyses of Multiple-Evidence Combinations for Retrieval Strategies.
Document normalization revisited.
Automatic evaluation of world wide web search services.
Evaluating content-based filters for image and video retrieval.
Framework for the Development of an Experimental Mixed-Mode Message System.
Multimedia Retrieval.
File Organizations and Access Methods for CLV Optical Disks.
Semantic search via XML fragments: a high-precision approach to IR.
Auto-construction of a live thesaurus from search term logs for interactive Web search.
Extracting sentence segments for text summarization: a machine learning approach.
One Term Or Two?
Amilcare: adaptive information extraction for document annotation.
Adaptive information extraction for document annotation in amilcare.
A Dual Structured Data Base System.
Controlling overlap in content-oriented XML retrieval.
Exploiting Redundancy in Question Answering.
The impact of corpus size on question answering performance.
Searching Program Source Code with a Structured Text Retrieval System (poster abstract).
Passage retrieval vs. document retrieval for factoid question answering.
FOL: A Language for Implementing File Organizations for Information Storage and Retrieval Systems.
The Significance of the Cranfield Tests on Index Languages.
Measuring pseudo relevance feedback & CLIR.
A Demonstration of WHIRL (demonstration abstract).
Context-sensitive Learning Methods for Text Categorization.
Information retrieval for language tutoring: an overview of the REAP project.
The effect of document retrieval quality on factoid question answering performance.
Constructing a text corpus for inexact duplicate detection.
A System for Discovering Relationships by Feature Extraction from Text Databases.
Effective collection metasearch in a hierarchical environment: global vs. localized retrieval performance.
Text Summarization via Hidden Markov Models.
Hypertext, Full Text, and Automatic Linking.
Bridging the Gap Between AI and RI.
Inconsistencies and Misnomers in Probabilistic IR.
The Formalism of Probability Theory in IR: A Foundation for An Encumbrance?
How to Read Less and Know More - Approximate OCR for Thai.
Probabilistic Retrieval Based on Staged Logistic Regression.
The MultiText Retrieval System (demonstration abstract).
Statistical precision of information retrieval evaluation.
Estimating Precision by Random Sampling (poster abstract).
Efficient Construction of Large Test Collections.
Answer models for question answering passage retrieval.
Inverted file search algorithms for collaborative filtering.
Information retrieval using hierarchical dirichlet processes.
A new family of online algorithms for category ranking.
Effective Site Finding Using Link Anchor Information.
Relevance weighting for query independent evidence.
Natural language processing for browse help.
Towards the use of Prosodic Information for Spoken Document Retrieval.
Experimenting with graphical user interfaces for structured document retrieval.
Probability Kinematics in Information Retrieval.
Parallel Text Searching in Serial Files Using a Processor Farm.
Salton Award Lecture - Information retrieval and computer science: an evolving relationship.
A File Organization for Cluster-Based Retrieval.
On the Implementation of Some Models of Document Retrieval.
Incorporating Different Search Models into One Document Retrieval System.
Applications for Information Retrieval Techniques in the Office.
User-Specified Domain Knowledge for Document Retrieval.
Experience with Large Document Collections (Panel).
Experiments with Query Acquisition and Use in Document Retrieval Systems.
An Approach to Natural Language Processing for Document Retrieval.
Retrieving Documents by Plausible Inference: A Preliminary Study.
The Implementation of a Document Retrieval System.
A Loosely-Coupled Integration of a Text Retrieval System and an Object-Oriented Database System.
The Use of Adaptive Mechanisms for Selection of Search Strategies in Document Retrieval Systems.
The Use of Phrases and Structured Queries in Information Retrieval.
A Network Organization Used for Document Retrieval.
Predicting query performance.
The Visual Display of Information in an Information Retrieval Environment.
A Cluster-Based Approach to Thesaurus Construction.
The Automatic Generation of Extended Queries.
Experiments in Automatic Statistical Thesaurus Construction.
Generic soft pattern models for definitional question answering.
Question answering passage retrieval using dependency relations.
Constant Interaction-Time Scatter/Gather Browsing of Very Large Document Collections.
Optimizations for Dynamic Inverted Index Maintenance.
Scatter/Gather: A Cluster-based Approach to Browsing Large Document Collections.
Expertise community detection.
One-Time Complete Indexing of Text: Theory and Practice.
A New Statistical Formula for Chinese Text Segmentation Incorporating Contextual Information.
Experiments in high-dimensional text categorization.
The Document Management Component of a Multimedia Data Model.
A Case-Based Approach To Intelligent Information Retrieval.
Distributed Indexing: A Scalable Mechanism for Distributed Information Retrieval.
Term selection for searching printed Arabic.
Probabilistic structured query methods.
Rough Sets and Information Retrieval.
A Study of the Overlap Among Document Representations.
Use of Dynamic Discrimination Values in a Document Retrieval System.
A CLIR interface to a web search engine.
Parameterized generation of labeled datasets for text categorization based on a hierarchical directory.
QUILT: Implementing a Large-scale Cross-language Text Retrieval System.
Topical locality in the Web.
Toward a unification of text and link analysis.
CuTeX: a system for extracting data from text tables.
Constructing informative prior distributions from domain knowledge in text classification.
Integrating IR and RDBMS Using Cooperative Indexing.
Artificial Intelligence Implications for Information Retrieval.
A Textual Object Management System.
Knowledge Based Systems Versus Thesaurus: An Architecture Problem About Expert Systems Design.
Different Levels of Expertise for An Expert System in Information Retrieval.
ELSA: An Electronic Library Search Assistant (Demo).
User-Oriented Document Clustering: A Framework for Learning in Information Retrieval.
S-Tree: A Dynamic Balanced Signature Index for Office Retrieval.
A new web page summarization method.
Using temporal profiles of queries for precision prediction.
Improving the estimation of relevance models using large external corpora.
A Similarity-based Probability Model for Latent Semantic Indexing.
Towards an adaptive and task-specific ranking mechanism in Web searching.
Beyond the traditional query operators.
PageRank, HITS and a unified framework for link analysis.
NMF and PLSI: equivalence and a hybrid algorithm.
Remarks on Tactical Computer Problems.
Automated Monitoring to Support the Analysis and Evaluation of Information Systems.
A hybrid statistical/linguistic model for generating news story gists.
How Features Resolve Syntactic Ambiguity.
From Research to Application: The Cite Natural Language Information System.
IR, NLP, AI and UFOS: Or IR-Relevance, Natural Language Problems, Artful Intelligence and User-Friendly Online Systems.
The TREC-like evaluation of music IR systems.
Music Retrieval as Text Retrieval: Simple Yet Effective (poster abstract).
Music-to-knowledge (M2K): a prototyping and evaluation environment for music information retrieval research.
Evaluation of a simple and effective music information retrieval method.
Construction of a Hierarchical Classifier Schema Using a Combination of Text-Based and Image-Based Approaches.
Retrieval of Abstracts by Analogy.
Document Analysis for Visualization.
Web question answering: is more always better?.
Hierarchical classification of Web content.
Stuff I've seen: a system for personal information retrieval and re-use.
Implicit queries (IQ) for contextualized search.
Probabilistic Combination of Content and Links.
Automating the Assignment of Submitted Manuscripts to Reviewers.
Time, Relevance and Interaction Modelling for Information Retrieval.
Latent concepts and the number orthogonal factors in latent semantic analysis.
Do thumbnail previews help users make better relevance decisions about web search results?.
Current Practice in The Evaluation of Multikey Search Algorithms.
File Organizations and Incrementally Specified Queries.
30, 000 Hits may be Better than 300: Precision Anomalies in Internet Searches (poster abstract).
A Tree Algorithm For Nearest Neighbor Searching In Document Retrieval Systems.
An investigation of broad coverage automatic pronoun resolution for information retrieval.
Parallel Text Retrieval on a High Performance Super Computer Using the Vector Space Model.
A User-Centered Evaluation of Ranking Algorithims for Interactive Query Expansion.
The effect of query type on subject searching behavior of image databases: an exploratory study.
Search engines and how students think they work.
A New Method for Information Retrieval, Based on the Theory of Relative Concentration.
Adaptive Cluster-Based Browsing Using Incrementally Expanded Queries and its Effects (poster abstract).
The web retrieval task and its evaluation in the third NTCIR workshop.
Cross-Language Information Retrieval with the UMLS Metathesaurus.
Analysis of anchor text for web search.
Hierarchic Document Clustering Using Ward's Method.
On the Measurement of Inter-Linker Consistency and Retrieval Effectiveness in Hypertext Databases.
On evaluation of adaptive topic tracking systems.
Shared Processing with an Advanced Intelligent Terminal.
Lessons from the CLARIT Project.
Optimizing term vectors for efficient and robust filtering.
Topic structure modeling.
Automatic Phrase Indexing for Document Retrieval: An Examination of Syntactic and Non-Syntactic Methods.
Automatic image annotation by using concept-sensitive salient objects for image content representation.
Semantic video classification by integrating unlabeled samples for classifier training.
Tuning before feedback: combining ranking discovery and blind feedback for robust retrieval.
A formal study of information retrieval heuristics.
An exploration of axiomatic approaches to information retrieval.
Semantic term matching in axiomatic approaches to information retrieval.
The Basis for a Theory of Information Retrieval.
Online Personal Bibliographic Retrieval System.
Statistical cross-language information retrieval using n-best query translations.
AggregateRank: bringing order to web sites.
A hierarchical approach: query large music database by acoustic input.
Popular music retrieval by detecting mood.
Top subset retrieval on large collections using sorted indices.
Using historical data to enhance rank aggregation.
Detecting phrase-level duplication on the world wide web.
Users' Perception of the Performance of a Filtering System.
Web Searching Behavior of Aerospace Engineers (poster abstract).
Partial Orders for Document Representation: A New Methodology for Combining Document Features.
SWAMI: a framework for collaborative filtering algorithm development and evaluation.
Automatic Feedback Using Past Queries: Social Searching?
Information Processing in the Context of Medical Care.
The future of media, blogs and innovation: new IR challenges?
Tackling concept drift by temporal inductive transfer.
Integrating Query, Thesaurus, and Documents Through a Common Visual Representation.
A study of statistical models for query translation: finding a good unit of translation.
Order Preserving Minimal Perfect Hash Functions and Information Retrieval.
Integrating word relationships into language models.
A Faster Algorithm for Constructing Minimal Perfect Hash Functions.
Dependence language model for information retrieval.
Building Interoperable Digital Library Services: MARIAN, Open Archives and NDLTD.
Linear discriminant model for information retrieval.
Development of a Modern OPAC: From REVTOLC to MARIAN.
A New Approach for Image Classification and Retrieval (poster abstract).
Domain-independent text segmentation using anisotropic diffusion and dynamic programming.
A maximal figure-of-merit learning approach to text categorization.
Coefficients for Combining Concept Classes in a Collection.
Improving Query Translation for Cross-Language Information Retrieval Using Statistical Models.
Document Classification, Indexing and Abstracting May be Inherently Difficult Problems.
Resolving query translation ambiguity using a decaying co-occurrence model and syntactic dependence relations.
Combinational Compression and Partitioning of Large Dictionaries: Theory and Experiments.
Appraisal navigator.
Is Text Compression by Prefizes and Suffixes Practical?
Evaluation of an Expert System for Searching in Full Text.
Term Conflation for Information Retrieval.
Relation between PLSA and NMF and implications.
Panel on Information Retrieval and Software Reuse.
Information Retrieval using a Singular Value Decomposition Model of Latent Semantic Structure.
You are what you say: privacy risks of public mentions.
Discovering Chinese Words from Unsegmented Text (poster abstract).
Word document density and relevance scoring.
User Interfaces to Information Systems: Choices vs. Commands.
How Many Bits are Needed to Store Term Frequencies?.
Non-linear reading for a structured web indexation.
Machine Translation and Monolingual Information Retrieval (poster abstract).
Translingual vocabulary mappings for multilingual information access.
Unsupervised and Supervised Clustering for Topic Tracking.
Geotemporal querying of multilingual documents.
Quantifying the Utility of Parallel Corpora.
Automatic Web Search Query Generation to Create Minority Language Corpora.
A Method for Scoring Correlated Features in Query Expansion.
Hidden Markov models for automatic annotation and content-based retrieval of images and video.
Retrieval Algorithm Effectiveness in a Wide Area Network Information Filter.
An Approach to Multimedia Information Management.
An Integrated Hierarchical File Organization for Data Selection and Retrieval.
Comparing the Performance of Database Selection Algorithms.
Document Presentation and Query Formulation in Muse.
Evaluating Database Selection Techniques: A Testbed and Experiment.
Concept Based Retrieval in Classical IR Systems.
Enterprise search behaviour of software engineers.
eBizSearch: a niche search engine for e-business.
Modeling task-genre relationships for IR in the workplace.
On an equivalence between PLSI and LDA.
On the Allocation of Documents in Multiprocessor Information Retrieval Systems.
A System for Retrieving Speech Documents.
Panel: Hypertext: "Growing Up?".
Sharing knowledge online (abstract only): a dream or reality?
Two Models of Retrieval with Probabilistic Indexing.
Optimum Polynomial Retrieval Functions.
Query Optimization for Vector Space Problems.
Integration of Probabilistic Fact and Text Retrieval.
Design of a Browsing Interface for Information Retrieval.
A Probabilistic Relational Model for the Integration of IR and Databases.
Summarizing Text Documents: Sentence Selection and Evaluation Metrics.
Probabilistic Datalog - A Logic For Powerful Retrieval Methods.
Improving Cross Language Information Retrieval with Triangulated Translation.
Network Information Retrieval (Workshop Abstract).
Queries-R-Links: Browsing and Retrieval via Interactive Querying (Demo).
Probabilistic Document Indexing from Relevance Feedback Data.
From Reading to Retrieval: Freeform Ink Annotations as Queries.
XIRQL: A Query Language for Information Retrieval in XML Documents.
Generic Text Summarization Using Relevance Measure and Latent Semantic Analysis.
HyREX: hyper-media retrieval engine for XML.
A Parallel Multiprocessor Machine Dedicated to Relational and Deductive Databases.
DOLORES: A System for Logic-Based Retrieval of Multimedia Objects.
The impact of evaluation on multilingual text retrieval.
Optimum Probability Estimation Based on Expectations.
A Learning Algorithm Applied to Document Description.
Retrieval Test Evaluation of a Rule Based Automatic Index (AIR/PHYS).
Broken plural detection for arabic information retrieval.
Probabilistic Search Term Weighting-Some Negative Results.
Sentence completion.
Combining Model-Oriented and Description-Oriented Approaches for Probabilistic Indexing.
Frame-Sliced Partitioned Parallel Signature Files.
A Comparison of Indexing Techniques for Japanese Text Retrieval.
Eye-tracking analysis of user behavior in WWW search.
Video retrieval using an MPEG-7 based inference network.
The patent retrieval task in the fourth NTCIR workshop.
Classifying racist texts using a support vector machine.
Event tracking based on domain dependency.
Use of Syntactic Context to Produce Term Association Lists for Text Retrieval.
Coherent Answers for a Large Structured Document Collection.
Cross-linguistic Information Retrieval Workshop (Abstract).
An Architecture for Probabilistic Concept-Based Information Retrieval.
An investigation of linguistic features and clustering algorithms for topical document clustering.
A Theory of Term Weighting Based on Exploratory Data Analysis.
Computationally Tractable Probabilistic Modeling of Boolean Operators.
An Approach to Enhancement of Statistical Survey Databases.
Using Oracle for natural language document retrieval an automatic query reformulation approach.
Access by Contents of Documents in an Office Information System.
Jester 2.0: Evaluation of an New Linear Time Collaborative Filtering Algorithm (poster abstract).
Jester 2.0: Collaborative Filtering to Retrieve Jokes (demonstration abstract).
Elements of the Randomized Combinatorial File Structure.
Representation of Knowledge in a Legal Information Retrieval System.
Computing text Constituency: An Algorithmic Approach to the Generation of Text Graphs.
Relevance Feedback and Inference Networks.
Machine Learning and Vectorial Matching for an Image Retrieval Model: EXPRIM and the System RIVAGE.
Image Organization and Retrieval with Automatically Constructed Feature Vectors.
Rule-based word clustering for text classification.
Probabilistic model for definitional question answering.
User-centered interface design for cross-language information retrieval.
Topic themes for multi-document summarization.
Answering complex questions with random walk models.
Cross-document summarization by concept classification.
An Experimental Study of Factors Important in Document Ranking.
A Failure Analysis on the Limitations of Suffixing in an Online Environment.
Towards Interactive Query Expansion.
Relevance Feedback Revisited.
Overview of the First Text REtrieval Conference.
Panel: Building and Using Test Collections.
The NRRC reliable information access (RIA) workshop.
Tools for Searching the Web (panel).
Image Retrieval by Hypertext Links.
Using Maps as a User Interface to a Digital Library.
Querying Across Languages: A Dictionary-Based Approach to Multilingual Information Retrieval.
Outline of a Dynamic Self-Tuning and Adaptive Information Retrieval System.
Method Combination For Document Filtering.
Server selection methods in hybrid portal search.
Illustrated Description of an Interactive Knowledge-Based Indexing System.
Toward better weighting of anchors.
Properties of Extended Boolean Models in Information Retrieval.
Speech-based and video-supported indexing of multimedia broadcast news.
Context-based methods for text categorisation.
Locality preserving indexing for document representation.
A Heathkit Method for Building Data Management Programs.
User-assisted query translation for interactive CLIR.
Indexing, searching, and retrieving of recorded live presentations with the AOF (authoring on the fly) search engine.
Cat-a-Cone: An Interactive Interface for Specifying Searches and Viewing Retrieval Results using a Large Category Hierarchy.
Multimedia information retrieval from recorded presentations.
Subtopic Structuring for Full-Length Document Access.
On the Interrelationship of Dictionary Size and Completeness.
Reexamining the Cluster Hypothesis: Scatter/Gather on Retrieval Results.
Comparison Between Proximity Operation and Dependency Operation in Japanese Full-Text Retrieval.
Query-related data extraction of hidden web documents.
LyberWorld - A Visualization User Interface Supporting Fulltext Retrieval.
Searchers and Searchers: Differences between the Most and Least Consistent Searchers.
An Architecture for Implementing Extensible Information-Seeking Environments.
Polyrepresentation of Information Needs and Semantic Entities: Elements of a Cognitive Theory for Information Retrieval Interaction.
Retrieving Software Objects in an Example-Based Programming Environment.
Improved Subject Access, Browsing and Scanning Mechanisms in Modern Online IR.
Document Retrieval Facilities for Repository-Based System Development Environments.
Inquire System Overview.
The Growing Crisis of Traditional Information Retrieval Systems - What is to Follow?
INSPECTOR.
Toward an Improved Concept-Based Information Retrieval System.
Situational Nearness in Intellectual Data Bases.
Finding near-duplicate web pages: a large-scale evaluation of algorithms.
Using Statistical Testing in the Evaluation of Retrieval Experiments.
Combining Multiple Evidence from Different Properties of Weighting Schemes.
An Algorithmic Framework for Performing Collaborative Filtering.
A Retrieval System for On-Line English-Japanese Dictionaries.
Customizing information access according to domain and task knowledge: the ontoExplo system.
Optimization of a Hierarchical File Organization for Spelling Correction.
OHSUMED: An Interactive Retrieval Evaluation and New Large Test Collection for Research.
Relevance reedback with a small number of relevance judgements: incremental relevance feedback vs. document clustering.
Towards New Measures of Information Retrieval Evaluation.
An empirical study on retrieval models for different document genres: patents and newspaper articles.
Do batch and user evaluation give the same results?
Cluster-Based Text Categorization: A Comparison of Category Search Strategies.
An Incrementally Extensible Document Retrieval System Based on Linguistic and Logical Principles.
Optimal Classification and Its Consequences.
Term-specific smoothing for the language modeling approach to information retrieval: the importance of a query term.
An Information Retrieval System Based on Artificial Intelligence Techniques.
Parsimonious language models for information retrieval.
Natural Language Techniques for Intelligent Information Retrieval.
Analysis of An Inverted Data Base Structure.
Improving Text Retrieval for the Routing Problem using Latent Semantic Indexing.
Analyses of Multiple Evidence Combination.
Information Retrieval using Impression of Documents as a Clue.
Guessing Morphology from Terms and Corpora.
Retrieving Time Information From Natural-Language Texts.
Retrieving Terms and their Variants in a Lexicalised Unification-Based Framework.
Information Seeking at Different Stages of the RD Research Process (poster abstract).
The Economic Implementation of Experimental Retrieval Techniques on a Very Large Scale Using an Intelligent Terminal.
Document filtering method using non-relevant information profile.
IR evaluation methods for retrieving highly relevant documents.
Query Expansion Based on Predictive Algorithms for Collaborative Filtering.
A Deductive Data Model for Query Expansion.
Query Expansion Method Based on Word Contribution (poster abstract).
Advanced Retrieval From Heterogeneous Fact Databases: Integration of Data Retrieval, Conversion, Aggregation and Deductive Techniques.
Implementation of relevance feedback for content-based music retrieval based on user prefences.
An NF Relational Interface For Document Retrieval, Restructuring and Aggregation.
Using IR Techniques for Text Classification in Document Analysis.
Automatic Acquisition of Terminological Relations from a Corpus for Query Expansion.
Searching on the Web: Two Types of Expertise (poster abstract).
Predicting query difficulty on the web by learning visual clues.
Finding relevant passages using noun-noun compounds: coherence vs. proximity.
Finding semantically similar questions based on their answers.
Unitary Operators for Fast Latent Semantic Indexing (FLSI).
A framework to predict the quality of answers with non-textual features.
Evaluating semantic indexing techniques through cross-language fingerprinting.
Automatic image annotation and retrieval using cross-media relevance models.
Live visual relevance feedback for query formulation.
Study of cross lingual information retrieval using on-line translation systems.
The document as an ergodic markov chain.
An automatic weighting scheme for collaborative filtering.
Supporting Content Retrieval from WWW via ``Basic Level Categories'' (poster abstract).
Meta-scoring: Automatically Evaluating Term Weighting Schemes in IR without Precision-Recall.
Learning probabilistic models of the Web.
Quantative analysis of the impact of judging inconsistency on the performance of relevance feedback.
Collaborative filtering via gaussian probabilistic latent semantic analysis.
Title language model for information retrieval.
Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing.
A study of methods for normalizing user ratings in collaborative filtering.
Hardware Systems for Text Information Retrieval.
Language model for IR using collection information.
The Utah Text Retrieval Project - A Status Report.
Identifying comparative sentences in text documents.
A Testbed for Information Retrieval Research: The Utah Retrieval System Architecture.
The Decomposition of Human-Written Summary Sentences.
GS textplorer -: adaptive framework for information retrieval.
Information Retrieval Based on Context Distance and Morphology.
EXPRESS: An Experimental Interface for Factual Information Retrieval.
A Statistical Learning Model of Text Classification for Support Vector Machines.
The Network Computer.
Accurately interpreting clickthrough data as implicit feedback.
A utility theoretic approach to determining optimal wait times in distributed information retrieval.
On Retrieval Tests with an Inhomogeneous Query Collection.
Boosted decision trees for word recognition in handwritten document retrieval.
Hierarchical approach to term suggestion device.
Information retrieval with commonsense knowledge.
A Look Back and A Look Forward.
Error analysis of difficult TREC topics.
Information access for context-aware appliances.
Title extraction from bodies of HTML documents and its application to web page retrieval.
The Automatic Extraction of Words from Texts Especially for Input into Information Retrieval Systems Based on Inverted Files.
A dual index model for contextual information retrieval.
Project contexts to situate personal information.
Text clustering with extended user feedback.
Query word deletion prediction.
A platform for Okapi-based contextual information retrieval.
Retrieving Spoken Documents by Combining Multiple Index Sources.
Refining hierarchical taxonomy structure via semi-supervised learning.
3D viewpoint-based photo search and information browsing.
A visualisation tool for topic tracking analysis and development.
Spatial information retrieval and geographical ontologies an overview of the SPIRIT project.
Phrasier: A System for Interactive Document Retrieval Using Keyphrases.
A Comparison of Query Translation Methods for English-Japanese Cross-Language Information Retrieval (poster abstract).
Experiments in Japanese Text Retrieval and Routing Using the NEAT System.
ALLOY: An Amalgamation of Expert, Linguistic and Statistical Indexing Methods.
Swordfish: an unsupervised Ngram based approach to morphological analysis.
Spatial Querying for Image Retrieval: A User-Oriented Evaluation.
Improving Retrieval on Imperfect Speech Transcriptions (poster abstract).
Generation of user profiles for information filtering - research agenda.
Examination and enhancement of a ring-structured graphical search interface based on usability testing.
Quantification in Query Systems.
Efficient Transaction Support for Dynamic Information Retrieval Systems.
Short comings of latent models in supervised settings.
Syntactic features in question answering.
Dynamic Clustering Procedures for Bibliographic Data.
Knowledge-Based Report Generations: A Technique for Automatically Generating Natural Language Reports from Databases.
XML retrieval: what to retrieve?
Text classification and named entities for new event detection.
Length normalization in XML retrieval.
Simple questions to improve pseudo-relevance feedback results.
NACSIS Test Collection Workshop (NTCIR-1) (poster abstract).
MURAX: A Robust Linguistic Approach for Question Answering Using an On-Line Encyclopedia.
Query type classification for web document retrieval.
A Trainable Document Summarizer.
Clustering of Concepts for Optimal Retrieval.
Panel on the Lexicon and Information Retrieval.
DeWild: a tool for searching the web using wild cards.
Ant World (demonstration abstract).
Corpus structure, language models, and ad hoc information retrieval.
The Maximum Entropy Principle in Information Retrieval.
Corpus Linguistics and Information Retrieval.
Analysis of recursive feature elimination methods.
Stemming and its effects on TFIDF ranking.
PageRank without hyperlinks: structural re-ranking using links induced by language models.
Passage Retrieval Revisited.
Respect my authority!: HITS without hyperlinks, utilizing cluster-based language models.
Term-Ordered Query Evaluation versus Document-Ordered Query Evaluation for Large Document Databases.
Better than the real thing?: iterative pseudo-query processing using cluster-based language models.
Efficient Utilization of Limited Access Archival Storage in a Time Shared Environment.
How a Personal Document's Intended Use or Purpose Affects its Classification in an Office.
Topic difference factor extraction between two document sets and its application to text categorization.
Higher precision for two-word queries.
The overlap problem in content-oriented XML retrieval evaluation.
A Document-Document Similarity Measure Based on Cited Titles and Probability Theory, and Its Application to Relevance Feedback Retrieval.
Term Position Ranking: Some New Test Results.
Experiments with Cited Titles for Automatic Document Indexing and Similarity Measure in a Probabilistic Context.
The Impact of Query Structure and Query Expansion on Retrieval Performance.
An Interpretation of Index Term Weighting Schemes Based on Document Components.
The Converse Natural Language Data Management System: Current Status and Plans.
Some Considerations for Approximate Optimal Queries.
Reading Time, Scrolling and Interaction: Exploring Implicit Sources of User Preferences for Relevant Feedback.
A Neural Network for Probabilistic Information Retrieval.
Display time as implicit feedback: understanding task effects.
Query Modification and Expansion in a Network with Adaptive Architecture.
The loquacious user: a document-independent source of terms for query expansion.
A New Method of Weighting Query Terms for Ad-Hoc Retrieval.
Elicitation of term relevance feedback: an investigation of term source and context.
Comparing Representations in Chinese Information Retrieval.
Relevance Feedback Retrieval of Time Series Data.
Viewing Morphology as an Inference Process.
Evaluation of resources for question answering evaluation.
UTACLIR -: general query translation framework for several language pairs.
Improving Two-Stage Ad-Hoc Retrieval for Short Queries.
Document Storage and Retrieval.
Learning to advertise.
A repetition based measure for verification of text collections and for text categorization.
Word Sense Disambiguation Using Machine-Readable Dictionaries.
Visual MeSH.
Classification of source code archives.
Supporting federated information sharing communities (abstract only).
Retrieval from Hierarchical Texts by Partial Patterns.
An Interactive Database End-User Facility for the Definition and Manipulation of Forms.
Refining term weights of documents using term dependencies.
Document Language Models, Query Models, and Risk Minimization for Information Retrieval.
Text filtering by boosting naive bayes classifiers.
Comparing Interactive Information Retrieval systems Across Sites: The TREC-6 Interactive Track Matrix Experiment.
Using Global Colour Features for General Photographic Image Indexing and Retrieval.
A new method of parameter estimation for multinomial naive bayes text classifiers.
CHROMA: A Content-based Image Retrieval System (demonstration abstract).
Information retrieval using word senses: root sense tagging approach.
French Textual Information Systems: The Contribution of Extensional and Intensional Logics.
Construction of a Dynamic Thesaurus and its Use for Associated Information Retrieval.
Dempster-Shafer's Theory of Evidence Applied to Structured Documents: Modelling Uncertainty.
ARS - An Interactive Reporting System.
Applying Summarization Techniques for Term Selection in Relevance Feedback.
CROWSE: A System for Organizing Repositories and Web Search Results.
Using a Generalized Instance Set for Automatic Text Categorization.
The Future of Internet Search (Keynote Address).
UKSearch: search with automatically acquired domain knowledge.
Merging retrieval results in hierarchical peer-to-peer networks.
Lessons from BMIR-J2: A Test Collection for Japanese IR Systems.
Learning phonetic similarity for matching named entity translations and mining new translations.
An architecture for peer-to-peer information retrieval.
A Meta-Learning Approach for Text Categorization.
Effective Use of Natural Language Processing Techniques for Automatic Conflation of Multi-Word Terms: The Role of Derivational Morphology, Part of Speech Tagging, and Shallow Parsing.
Detection of Shifts in User Interests for Personalized Information Filtering.
Efficient Recompression Techniques for Dynamic Full-Text Retrieval Systems.
An Intelligent Adaptive Filtering Agent Based on an On-Line Learning Model (poster abstract).
Storing Text Retrieval Systems on CD-ROM: Compression and Encryption Considerations.
Productivity, Information Technology, and the Office.
Social networks, incentives, and search.
Statistical Models for Unformatted Text.
A Decision Theory Approach to Optimal Automatic Indexing.
Message Extraction Through Estimated Relevance.
A Balanced Tree Storage and Retrieval Algorithm.
Message Extraction Through Estimation of Relevance.
Retrieval Based on User Behaviour.
Major topic detection and its application to opinion summarization.
User modeling for full-text federated search in peer-to-peer networks.
Polynomial filtering in latent semantic indexing for information retrieval.
Automatic Essay Grading Using Text Categorization Techniques.
An Internet-Based Newspaper Filtering and Personalization System (demonstration abstract).
Improving stemming for Arabic information retrieval: light stemming and co-occurrence analysis.
WEIRD: An Approach to Concept-Based Information Retrieval.
Combining Classifiers in Text Categorization.
Information Retrieval Theory and Design Based on a Model of the User's Concept Relations.
Language-specific models in multilingual topic tracking.
Authorship attribution with thousands of candidate authors.
The boomerang effect: retrieving scientific documents via the network of references and citations.
Query Enhancement by User Profiles.
Is XML retrieval meaningful to users?: searcher preferences for full documents vs. elements.
Theoretical Measures in P/Q Document Spaces.
Distributed Resource Discovery and Structured Data Searching with Cheshire II.
To See, or Not to See: Is That the Query?
A logistic regression approach to distributed IR.
Automatically Locating, Extracting and Analyzing Tabular Data.
Cheshire II: Combining Probabilistic and Boolean Retrieval.
Is natural language an inconvenience or an opportunity for IR?.
Text and Image Retrieval in Cheshire II (demonstration abstract).
Head/modifier pairs for everyone.
Geographic information retrieval (GIR): searching where and what.
Study of category score algorithms for k-NN classifier.
Cheshire3: retrieving from tera-scale grid-based digital libraries.
The Importance of Prior Probabilities for Entry Page Search.
Belief revision for adaptive information retrieval.
Comparative Analysis of Hardware Versus Software Text Search.
Building thematic lexical resources by term categorization.
Advances in a Bayesian Decision Model of User Stopping Behaviour for Scanning the Output of an Information Retrieval System.
Relevance-Based Language Models.
Viewing Stemming as Recall Enhancement.
Cross-lingual relevance models.
EP-X: A Demonstration of Semantically-Based Search of Bibliographic Databases.
Music modeling with random fields.
Effective Document Presentation with a Locality-Based Similarity Heuristic.
Generating hierarchical summaries for web searches.
: An Engine for Distributed Information Retrieval.
Automatic metadata generation & evaluation.
Finding Topic Words for Hierarchical Summarization.
An Associative File Store Using Fragments for Run-Time Indexing and Compression.
Intelligent Information Systems.
Development of a Large, Concept-Oriented Database for Information Retrieval.
Using n-Grams for Korean Text Retrieval.
Automatic Acquisition of Phrasal Knowledge for English-Chinese Bilingual Information Retrieval.
Context-Sensitive Vocabulary Mapping with a Spreading Activation Network.
On the Evaluation of Boolean Operators in the Extended Boolean Retrieval Framework.
Text genre classification with genre-revealing and subject-revealing features.
Intelligent Object-based Image Retrieval Using Cluster-driven Personal Preference Learning.
Toponym resolution in text (abstract only): "which sheffield is it?".
A wireless natural language search engine.
Automatic Generation of Hypertext Links in Information Retrieval Systems: A Stochastic and an Incremental Algorithm.
Visual Interactions with a Multidimensional Ranked List.
Graphical Information Resources: Maps and Beyond.
The CORE Electronic Chemistry Library.
Real Life Information Retrieval: Commercial Search Engines (Panel).
Email is a stage: discovering people roles from email archives.
Improving realism of topic tracking evaluation.
eArchivarius: accessing collections of electronic mail.
Assessing the effectiveness of pen-based input queries.
An Evaluation of Phrasal and Clustered Representations on a Text Categorization Task.
Evaluating and Optimizing Autonomous Text Classification Systems.
Building a test collection for complex document information processing.
Term Clustering of Syntactic Phrases.
A Sequential Algorithm for Training Text Classifiers.
Training Algorithms for Linear Text Classifiers.
ATTICS: A Software Platform for Online Text Classification (poster abstract).
A music recommender based on audio features.
Getting work done on the web: supporting transactional queries.
Enhancing topic tracking with temporal information.
Profile-based event tracking.
Document clustering via adaptive subspace iteration.
A comparative study on content-based music genre classification.
A probabilistic model for retrospective news event detection.
Topic hierarchy generation via linear discriminant projection.
A comparative study of the effect of search feature design on user experience in digital libraries (DLs).
Using query term order for result summarisation.
Posters: Abstracts.
BRAQUE: An Interface to Support Browsing and Interactive Query Formulation in Information Retrieval Systems (Demo).
Context-based question-answering evaluation.
The Automatic Construction of Large-Scale Corpora for Summarization Research.
ProbFuse: a probabilistic approach to data fusion.
Incremental Interface Design: A Prototype Graphical User Interface for Grateful Med (Demo).
Phrase Recognition and Expansion for Short, Precision-Biased Queries Based on a Query Log.
A Translating Computer Interface for a Network of Heterogeneous Interactive Retrieval Systems.
``Drag-and-Drop'' Technique for MEDLINE Searching (demonstration abstract).
N-Poisson - Document Modelling.
Information Access Across the Language Barrier: The MuST System (demonstration abstract).
Theme-based retrieval of Web news.
The role of knowledge in conceptual retrieval: a study in the domain of clinical medicine.
Bootstrapping dictionaries for cross-language information retrieval.
Revisiting the effect of topic set size on retrieval error.
Probabilistic Approaches to the Document Retrieval Problem.
Assessing the term independence assumption in blind relevance feedback.
Open Problems in Information Retrieval.
User-trainable video annotation using multimodal cues.
Reliability and verification of natural language text on the world wide web (abstract only).
Extracting Classification Knowledge of Internet Documents with Mining Term Associations: A Semantic Approach.
Language Decisions Made While Designing an Interactive Information Retrieval System.
A Self-Organizing Semantic Map for Information Retrieval.
A personalised information retrieval tool.
Exploring the limits of single-iteration clarification dialogs.
A Design of a Distributed Full Text Retrieval System.
Compression of Indexes with Full Positional Information in Very Large Text Databases.
Comparative Analysis of Interactive Retrieval Systems.
Cluster-based retrieval using language models.
Classifying News Stories using Memory Based Reasoning.
Representing clusters for retrieval.
Web-based acquisition of Japanese katakana variants.
Context sensitive vocabulary and its application in protein secondary structure prediction.
Converting on-line bilingual dictionaries from human-readable to machine-readable form.
Automatic recognition of reading levels from user queries.
High accuracy retrieval with multiple nested ranker.
Document clustering with cluster refinement and model selection capabilities.
Performance in FERRET: A Conceptual Information Retrieval System.
Supporting federated information sharing communities.
Single n-gram stemming.
Information sharing through rational links and viewpoint retrieval.
Triangulation without translation.
A maximum coherence model for dictionary-based cross-language information retrieval.
Improving QA retrieval using document priors.
An effective approach to document retrieval via utilizing WordNet and recognizing phrases.
An Empirical Comparison: Tree and Lattice Structures for Symbolic Data Bases.
Efficient Processing of One and Two Dimensional Proximity Queries in Associative Memory.
Establishing a Basis for Mapping Natural-Language Statements Onto a Database Query Language.
One-sided measures for evaluating ranked retrieval effectiveness with spontaneous conversational speech.
Integrated Information Retrieval in a Knowledge Worker Support System.
Configurable indexing and ranking for XML information retrieval.
On the design and evaluation of a multi-dimensional approach to information retrieval.
Modelling Information Retrieval Agents with Belief Revision.
Influence of speech recognition errors on topic detection.
Perceptual Consistency Improves Image Retrieval Performance.
Search strategies in content-based image retrieval.
An Homogeneous Framework to Model Relevance Feedback.
Evaluating a Content Based Image Retrieval System.
Using a Belief Revision Operator for Document Ranking in Extended Boolean Models.
Generalized Associative Memory Devices: Their Place in Intelligent Knowledge Based Systems.
The Effect of Database Size on Document Retrieval: Random and Best-First Retrieval Models.
The Fact Database: A System Based on Inferential Methods.
Probabilistic Models for Document Retrieval: A Comparison of Performance on Experimental and Synthetic Databases.
Do summaries help?
CUE: A Preprocessor for Restricted, Natural English.
Generating Summaries of Multiple News Articles.
An Approach to Multikey Sequencing in an Equiprobable Keyterm Retrieval Situation.
A collaborative filtering algorithm and evaluation metric that accurately model the user experience.
Handling Multiple Databases in Document Retrieval.
Anchor Text Mining for Translation Extraction of Query Terms.
Document Representation Models for Retrieval Systems.
Partial collection replication versus caching for information retrieval systems.
A Hidden Markov Model Information Retrieval System.
Partial Replica Selection Based on Relevance for Information Retrieval.
Predicting Query Times.
A search engine for imaged documents in PDF files.
Comparing cross-language query expansion techniques by degrading translation resources.
Image Decompression: A Hybrid Image Decompressing Algorithm.
Translating pieces of words.
On-line spam filter fusion.
Modifications of Kleinberg's HITS Algorithm Using Matrix Exponentiation and WebLog Records.
A phonotactic-semantic paradigm for automatic spoken document classification.
Managing photos with ATT shoebox.
Information extraction using two-phase pattern discovery.
The WebCluster Project: Using Clustering for Mediating Access to the World Wide Web.
Full Text Indexing Based on Lexical Relations An Application: Software Libraries.
An Image Retrieval Model Based on Classical Logic.
Combining fields in known-item email search.
A Relevance Terminological Logic for Information Retrieval.
Searching for expertise using the terrier platform.
Integrated search tools for newspaper digital libraries.
Intelligent Information Triage.
A Model of Information Retrieval Based on a Terminological Logic.
Music structure based vector space retrieval.
Evaluating Topic-Driven Web Crawlers.
Mining multimedia salient concepts for incremental information extraction.
Exploration of Text Collections with Hierarchical Feature Maps.
The Potential and Actual Effectiveness of Interactive Query Expansion.
The recap system for identifying information flow.
MAGIC.
A Markov random field model for term dependencies.
Spoken document retrieval from call-center conversations.
The Constituent Object Parser: Syntactic Structure Matching for Information Retrieval.
Combining Multiple Evidence from Different Types of Thesaurus for Query Expansion.
Formal multiple-bernoulli models for language modeling.
Document classification on neural networks using only positive examples.
Dependency Parsing for Information Retrieval.
A critical examination of TDT's cost function.
A Full-Text Retrieval System with a Dynamic Abstract Generation Function.
Modeling Score Distributions for Combining the Outputs of Search Engines.
Document centered approach to text normalization.
Selecting Expansion Terms in Automatic Query Expansion.
MS Read: User Modeling in the Web Environment.
DiLight: an ontology-based information access system for e-learning environments.
Introduction and Perspectives for the 1971 ACM Information Storage and Retrieval Symposium.
Combining document representations for known-item search.
KWIC of the 1971 ACM Information Storage and Retrieval Symposium.
A practical hypertext categorization method using links and incrementally available class information.
Contextual search and name disambiguation in email using graphs.
An analysis of the coupling between training set and neighborhood sizes for the NN classifier.
Developing of the BDS Online Information Retrieval System.
Cross-language text classification.
A Note About the Proximity Operators in Information Retieval.
A Global Approach to Record Clustering and File Reorganization.
An Optical System for Full Text Search.
Fast Object Partitioning Using Stochastic Learning Automata.
Improving Automatic Query Expansion.
The Newspaper Image Database: Empirical Supported Analysis of Users' Typology and Word Association Clusters.
Document and Passage Retrieval Based on Hidden Markov Models.
Pseudo-frequency method: an efficient document ranking retrieval method for n-gram indexing.
Using sampled data and regression to merge search engine results.
Applying Probabilistic Term Weighting to OCR Text in the Case of a Large Alphabetic Library Catalogue.
An Application of Plausible Reasoning to Information Retrieval.
Feature selection using linear classifier weights: interaction with classification models.
Fact-focused novelty detection: a feasibility study.
An Experimental Framework for Email Categorization and Management.
News to go: hierarchical text summarization for mobile devices.
Generic Topic Segmentation of Document Texts.
Ranking digital images using combination if evidences.
Automatic Abstracting of Magazine Articles: The Creation of 'Highlight' Abstracts.
RELIEF: Combining Expressiveness and Rapidity into a Single System.
Load balancing for term-distributed parallel retrieval.
An Automatic and Tunable Document Indexing System.
Parameterised Compression for Sparse Bitmaps.
Parallel Architecture in IR.
Optimizing Recall/Precision Scores in IR over the WWW.
The Function of Semantics in Automated Language Processing.
Where Do We Go From Here?
Building an information retrieval test collection for spontaneous conversational speech.
Effect of varying number of documents in blind feedback: analysis of the 2003 NRRC RIA workshop "bf_numdocs" experiment suite.
The Automatic Generation of Literature Abstracts: An Approach Based on the Identification of Self-Indicating Phrases.
Iterative translation disambiguation for cross-language information retrieval.
An Evaluation Method for Stemming Algorithms.
Information Filtering Based on User Behaviour Analysis and Best Match Text Retrieval.
The Identification of Important Concepts in Highly Structured Technical Papers.
An Intelligent Terminal for Implementing Relevance Feedback on Large Operational Retrieval Systems.
Browsing Through Databases.
A Formal Treatment of Missing and Imprecise Information.
Document clustering with committees.
Interactive Multidimensional Document Visualization.
The Relational Data File and the Decision Problem for Classes of Proper Formulas.
An Efficient Directory System for Document Retrieval.
Hill climbing algorithms for content-based retrieval of similar configurations.
Messidor: A Distributed Information Retrieval Systems.
Content-Based Retrieval Using Heuristic Search.
Fast Searching on Compressed Text Allowing Errors.
Image Query Processing Based on Multi-Level Signatures.
Content-based video retrieval: does video's semantic visual feature matter?
An Approach to Image Retrieval from Large Image Databases.
Supporting semantic visual feature browsing in contentbased video retrieval.
Evaluation of Access Methods to Text Document in Office Systems.
Statistical visual feature indexes in video retrieval.
Extraction/Gathering with Taylor System (demonstration abstract).
A VLSI Chip for Efficient Transmission and Retrieval of Information.
Simple Word Strings as Compound Keywords: An Indexing and Ranking Method for Japanese Texts.
Relevant document distribution estimation method for resource selection.
A Backend Machine Architecture for Information Retrieval.
Unity: relevance feedback using user query logs.
Data Compression Techniques for Economic Processing of Large Commercial Files.
Analysis of lexical signatures for finding lost or related documents.
Interactive Information Retrieval Systems: From User Centred Interface Design to Software Design.
Settings and the Setting Structure: The Description and Automated Propagation of Networks for Perusing Videodisk Image States.
MathFind: a math-aware search engine.
High Performance Question/Answering.
Transparent Queries: Investigating Users' Mental Models of Search Engines.
A Browser for Bibliographic Information Retrieval, Based on an Application of Lattice Theory.
Task orientation in question answering.
A Library System for Information Retrieval Based on a Cognitive Task Analysis and Supported by an Icon-Based Interface.
ClusterBook, a tool for dual information access (panel session).
Using self-supervised word segmentation in Chinese information retrieval.
WebCluster, a Tool for Mediated Information Access (demonstration abstract).
A temporally adaptive content-based relevance ranking algorithm.
Action modeling: language models that predict query behavior.
Document Filtering for Fast Ranking.
A Flexible Model for Retrieval of SGML Documents.
Automatic adaptation of proper noun dictionaries through cooperation of machine learning and probabilistic methods.
A method of rating the credibility of news documents on the web.
A New Character-based Indexing Organization using Frequency Data for Japanese Documents.
Modeling search engine effectiveness for federated search.
Browsing in a Digital Library Collecting Linearly Arranged Documents.
Precedental Data Bases: How and Why They are Worked Out and Used.
Discriminative models for information retrieval.
Efficient Processing of Vague Queries using a Data Stream Approach.
Building and applying a concept hierarchy representation of a user profile.
Modeling and Combining Evidence Provided by Document Relationships Using Probabilistic Argumentation Systems.
The use of phrases from query texts in information retrieval.
Feature Selection for Polyphonic Music Retrieval.
A Language for Queries on Structure and Contents of Textual.
Table extraction using conditional random fields.
Evaluation of the real and perceived value of automatic and interactive query expansion.
A compositional context sensitive multi-document summarizer: exploring the factors that influence summarization.
The Effects of Query Structure and Dictionary Setups in Dictionary-Based Cross-Language Information Retrieval.
A Research Prototype Image Retrieval System.
A Dynamic Signature Technique for Multimedia Databases.
Activity Memory for Text Information Retrieval.
Fuzzy translation of cross-lingual spelling variants.
Feature Selection, Perceptron Learning, and a Usability Case Study for Text Categorization.
A Model of a Document-Clustering-Based Information Retrieval System with a Boolean Search Request Formulation.
Speech Retrieval Using Phonemes with Error Correction.
Incorporation of Relevance Feedback into Boolean Retrieval System.
An Outline of a General Model for Information Retrieval Systems.
Output Ranking Methodology for Document-Clustering-Based Boolean Retrieval Systems.
Towards a Probabilistic Modal Logic for Semantic-based Information Retrieval.
Evaluation in (XML) information retrieval: expected precision-recall with user modelling (EPRUM).
On Chinese Text Retrieval.
Usefulness of hyperlink structure for query-biased topic distillation.
Topical link analysis for web search.
End User Touch Searching for Cancer Therapy Literature: A Rule-Based Approach.
Cross-Language Information Retrieval Based on Parallel Texts and Automatic Mining of Parallel Texts from the Web.
Overlapping Statistical Word Indexing: A New Indexing Method for Japanese Text.
Managing Semantic Data in an Associative Net.
MARS: A Retrieval Tool on the Basis of Morphological Analysis.
A Common Query Interface for Multilingual Document Retrieval from Databases of the European Community Institutions (Demo).
Document Contents Representation Model of Sentence Retrieval System SCAT-IR.
Structure and Content-Based Segmentation of Speech Transcripts.
Lessons from PANGLOSS.
A Language Modeling Approach to Information Retrieval.
A New Approach to Unsupervised Text Summarization.
The Portinari project: IR helps art and culture.
Modeling (in)variability of human judgments for text summarization.
Set-based model: a new approach for information retrieval.
``User Revealment'' - a Comparison of Initial Queries and Ensuing Question Development in Online Searching and in Human Reference Interactions.
The impact of database selection on distributed searching.
Spatial Representations of Knowledge: Validity and Applications to Information Science.
Question-answering by predictive annotation.
A Performance Evaluation of Similarity Measures, Document Term Weighting Schemes and Representations in a Boolean Environment.
Dependency relation matching for answer selection.
Discovering and representing the contextual and narrative structure of e-books to support reading and comprehension (abstract only).
Advanced Search Technologies for Unfamiliar Metadata (demonstration abstract).
Uexküll: an interactive visual user interface for document retrieval in vector space.
Evaluating different methods of estimating retrieval quality for resource selection.
Optimizing Query Evaluation in n-gram Indexing.
Compressed Inverted Files with Reduced Decoding Overheads.
Understanding combination of evidence using generative probabilistic models for information retrieval (abstract only).
Collaborative filing in a document repository.
Comments on Experiments with Retrieval of Legal Information in Full Text.
Combining eye movements and collaborative filtering for proactive information retrieval.
Visualizing Search Results: Some Alternatives to Query-Document Similarity.
A study of relevance propagation for web search.
Automatic ranking of retrieval systems in imperfect environments.
Concept Based Query Expansion.
A Method Based on the Chi-Square Test for Document Classification.
Automatic transliteration for Japanese-to-English text retrieval.
Hierarchical text summarization for WAP-enabled mobile devices.
Information retrieval at Boeing: plans and successes.
Improving personalized web search using result diversification.
Four Text Classification Algorithms Compared on a Dutch Corpus.
A Clustering Strategy Based on a Formalism of the Reproductive Process in Natural Systems.
Retrieval System Evaluation Using Recall and Precision: Problems and Answers.
Optimal Determination of User-Oriented Clusters.
Models of IR (Panel).
Techniques for Measuring the Stability of Clustering: A Comparative Study.
On the Reuse of Past Optimal Queries.
Evaluation of The 2-Poisson Model as a Basis for Using Term Frequency Data in Searching.
Predictive Text Compression by Hashing.
Using small XML elements to support relevance.
Research in Information Retrieval and the Practical Needs of Research and Cultural Libraries (Workshop Abstract).
Non-Hierarchic Document Clustering Using the ICL Distributed Array Processor.
A search engine for historical manuscript images.
Creating Segmented Databases from Free Text for Text Retrieval.
Content-based music indexing and organization.
Image Retrieval by Appearance.
INSYDER - an information assistant for business intelligence.
Using term informativeness for named entity detection.
Impedance coupling in content-targeted advertising.
Efficient Distributed Algorithms to Build Inverted Files.
A Belief Network Model for IR.
Landmarks in information retrieval: the message out of the bottle.
Quantum haystacks.
A Discrimination Gain Hypothesis.
Information Retrieval: New Directions, Old Solutions.
Formal Semantics for Text and Data.
A New Theoretical Framework for Information Retrieval.
Towards an Information Logic.
Little Words Can Make a Big Difference for Text Classification.
AUTINDEX: An Automatic Multilingual Indexing System.
System Demonstrations: Abstracts.
Salton Award Lecture: On theoretical argument in information retrieval.
Term Frequency and Term Value.
The Unified Probabilistic Model for IR.
Probabilistic Models of Indexing and Searching.
Searching for Historical Word-Forms in a Database of 17th-Century English Text Using Spelling-Correction Methods.
Some Simple Effective Approximations to the 2-Poisson Model for Probabilistic Weighted Retrieval.
On Relevance Weights with Little Relevance Information.
Evaluating a Visualisation of Image Similarity (poster abstract).
A frequency-based and a poisson-based definition of the probability of being informative.
Resource selection for domain-specific cross-lingual IR.
Retrieval of Complex Objects Using a Four-Valued Logic.
The HySpirit Retrieval Platform.
A parallel derivation of probabilistic information retrieval models.
Modelling question-response patterns by scalling and visualization.
Foundations of Advanced Information Visualization for Information Retrieval Szstems (Workshop Abstract).
Content Awareness in a File System Interface: Implementing the 'Pile' Metaphor for Organizing Information.
Extended Boolean Retrieval: A Heuristic Approach?
Learning patterns to answer open domain questions on the web.
Interactive Internet Search through Automatic Clustering (poster abstract): an empirical study.
Visualizing Internet Search Results with Adaptive Self-Organizing Maps (demonstration abstract).
Human Memory Models and Term Association.
Hierarchical Neural Networks for Text Categorization (poster abstract).
Re-examining the potential effectiveness of interactive query expansion.
Empirical Investigations on Query Modification Using Abductive Explanations.
The Structured Information Manager (SIM).
Using Syntactic Analysis in a Document Retrieval System that uses Signature Files.
Enhancing cross-language information retrieval by an automatic acquisition of bilingual terminology from comparable corpora.
A Cognitive Model for Searching for Ill-Defined Targets on the Web: The Relationship Between Search Strategies and User Satisfaction.
Average gain ratio: a simple retrieval performance measure for evaluation with multiple relevance levels.
Evaluating evaluation metrics based on the bootstrap.
Give me just one highly relevant document: P-measure.
Generic Summaries for Indexing in Information Retrieval.
Evaluating retrieval performance for Japanese question answering: what are best passages?
Flexible Pseudo-Relevance Feedback Using Optimization Tables.
Relative and absolute term selection criteria: a comparative study for English and Japanese IR.
The effect of back-formulating questions in question answering evaluation.
A Relational Model for Unstructured Documents.
Progress Report on Automatic Information Retrieval.
Some Research Problems in Automatic Information Retrieval.
Recent Trends in Automatic Information Retrieval.
ASIS Panel on New Developments and Future Prospects for Electronic Databases.
The SMART Information Retrieval System after 30 years - Panel.
Approaches to Passage Retrieval in Full Text Information Systems.
On the Use of Spreading Activation Methods in Automatic Information Retrieval.
Automatic Text Structuring and Retrieval: Experiments in Automatic Encyclopedia Searching.
An Evaluation of Term Dependence Models in Information Retrieval.
On the Application of Syntactic Methodologies in Automatic Text Analysis.
Automatic Assignment of Soft Boolean Operators.
A Term Weighting Model Based on Utility Theory.
On the Construction of Effective Vocabularies for Information Retrieval.
Word Sense Disambiguation and Information Retrieval.
Deriving Concept Hierarchies from Text.
Forming test collections with no system pooling.
Image based gisting in CLIR.
Information retrieval system evaluation: effort, sensitivity, and reliability.
Evaluation of Evaluation in Information Retrieval.
Users Lost: Reflections on the Past, Future, and Limits of Information Science (Summary).
Rank-Preserving Two-Level Caching for Scalable Search Engines.
Conceptual Information Retrieval.
Boosting and Rocchio Applied to Text Filtering.
Thesaurus Based Concept Spaces.
An Information Structure Dealing with Term Dependence and Polysemy.
SPIDER: A Multiuser Information Retrieval System for Semistructured and Dynamic Data.
Methods and metrics for cold-start recommendations.
Methods for the Administration of Textual Data in Database Systems.
Nested Transactions in a Combined IRS-DBMS Architecture.
Information Retrieval Library (IRLIB) (demonstration abstract).
ExWrap: semi-automatic wrapper generation by example.
Compression of inverted indexes for fast query evaluation.
Projections for Efficient Document Clustering.
A Comparison of Classifiers and Document Representations for the Routing Problem.
A Probabilistic Terminological Logic for Modelling Information Retrieval.
Visualization of Search Results: A Comparative Evaluation of Text, 2D, and 3D Interfaces.
Manjal: a text mining system for MEDLINE.
An application of text categorization methods to gene ontology annotation.
Feature diversity in cluster ensembles for robust document clustering.
Evaluating high accuracy retrieval techniques.
Searching databases for sematically-related schemas.
Robust temporal and spectral modeling for query By melody.
Automated evaluation of search engine performance via implicit user feedback.
Towards efficient automated singer identification in large music databases.
Web-page classification through summarization.
Building bridges for web query classification.
ACES: a contextual engine for search.
Context-sensitive information retrieval using implicit feedback.
UCAIR: a personalized search toolbar.
Thread detection in dynamic text message streams.
Exploiting query history for document ranking in interactive information retrieval.
Active feedback in ad hoc information retrieval.
A Study of the Relationship between User Profiles and User Queries.
A web mining research platform.
Experiments in Multilingual Information Retrieval Using the SPIDER System.
Cross Language Speech Retrieval: Establishing a Baseline Performance.
Gravitation-based model for information retrieval.
Synthetic Workload Performance Analysis of Incremental Updates.
Capturing collection size for distributed non-cooperative retrieval.
Experiments on data fusion using headline information.
Expert/Consultation System for a Retrieval Data-Base with Semantic Network of Concepts.
Restrictive clustering and metaclustering for self-organizing document collections.
Multiple sources of evidence for XML retrieval.
Link-based and content-based evidential information in a belief network model.
Almost-Constant-Time Clustering of Arbitrary Corpus Subsets.
Assigning identifiers to documents to enhance the clustering property of fulltext indexes.
Query Processing in a Heterogeneous Retrieval Network.
Data Caching in Information Retrieval Systems.
Large scale semi-supervised linear SVMs.
Challenges in running a commercial search engine.
Pivoted Document Length Normalization.
Learning Routing Queries in a Query Zone.
Document Expansion for Speech Retrieval.
A Method for Monolingual Thesauri Merging.
SIRE.
Unsupervised document classification using sequential information maximization.
Mediator: An Integrated Approach to Information Retrieval.
Document clustering using word clusters via the information bottleneck method.
Incorporating Syntactic Information into a Document Retrieval Strategy: An Investigation.
Experiments on Using Semantic Distances Between Words in Image Caption Retrieval.
The Nearest Neighbour Problem in Information Retrieval: An Algorithm Using Upperbounds.
Experiment on Incorporation Syntactic Processing of User Queries into a Document Retrieval Strategy.
Detecting and Browsing Events in Unstructured text.
From a Data Description Point of View.
`Memex' As an Image of Potentiality in Information Retrieval Research and Development.
Representation Issues in Information Retrieval System Design.
Machine Intelligence vs. Machine-Aided Intelligence in Information Retrieval: A Historical Perspective.
Information Retrieval by Voice Input and Output.
PWA: An Extended Probabilistic Web Algebra.
In Search of Knowledge-Based Search Tactics.
MICROARRAS: An Advanced Full-Text Retrieval and Analysis System.
Find-similar: similarity browsing as a search tool.
Lightening the load of document smoothing for better language modeling retrieval.
Does WT10g look like the web?.
On evaluating web search with very few relevant documents.
Dynamic test collections: measuring search effectiveness on the live web.
Collaborative filtering and the generalized vector space model.
Ranking Retrieval Systems without Relevance Judgments.
Building a filtering test collection for TREC 2002.
Static Index Pruning for Information Retrieval Systems.
The User View of File Management: Recommendations for a User Interface Based in an Analysis of UNIX File System Use.
Filtering for personal web information agents.
Discovering Information Flow Using a High Dimensional Conceptual Space.
A General Language Model for Information Retrieval (poster abstract).
Personalized recommendation driven by information flow.
Design of a Reusable IR Framework.
Developing a Theory to Guide the Process of Designing Information Retrieval Systems.
Natural Language Grammars for an Information System.
A novel method for the evaluation of Boolean query effectiveness across a wide operational range.
Liberal relevance criteria of TREC -: counting on negligible documents?.
Query performance analyser: a web-based tool for IR research and instruction.
Structured translation for cross-language information retrieval.
Term Relevance Feedback and Query Expansion: Relation to Design.
Elicitations During Information Retrieval: Implications for IR System Design.
Souvenir: flexible note-taking tool to pinpoint and share media highlights.
Biterm language models for document retrieval.
Incorporating query term dependencies in language models for document retrieval.
Exploiting ontologies for automatic image annotation.
Phonetic confusion matrix based spoken document retrieval.
A session-based search engine.
Textual Context Analysis for Information Retrieval.
Partitioned Posting Files: A Parallel Inverted File Structure for Information Retrieval.
A Parallel Indexed Algorithm for Information Retrieval.
The effect of OCR errors on stylistic text classification.
Using Event Segmentation to Improve Indexing of Consumer Photographs.
On the Limitations of Document Ranking Algorithms in Information Retrieval.
Combining Semantic and Syntactic Document Classifiers to Improve First Story Detection.
Lexical semantic relatedness and online new event detection.
Word sense disambiguation in information retrieval revisited.
Experiments on the Application of Clustering Techniques to Data Validation (Abstract).
Optimization strategies for complex queries.
The New English Oxford English Dictionary and its Potential Users: Some Preliminary Comments.
Retrieval Operations and Data Representations in a Context-Addressed Disc System.
Error correction in a Chinese OCR test collection.
Design of an e-book user interface and visualizations to support reading for comprehension.
Multilingual Keyword Extraction for Term Suggestion.
Mining dependency relations for query expansion in passage retrieval.
Content-Based Retrieval for Music Collections.
Web-page summarization using clickthrough data.
Crystal: A Content-Based Music Retrieval System (demonstration abstract).
Distributed Representations in a Text Based Information Retrieval System: A New Way of Using the Vector Space Model.
Document-self expansion for text categorization.
Keyword Extraction of Radio News Using Term Weighting with an Encyclopedia and Newspaper Articles.
Verifying a Chinese collection for text categorization.
Automatic generation of overview timelines.
Probabilistic term variant generator for biomedical terms.
TimeMine: visualizing automatically constructed timelines.
The Cambridge University multimedia document retrieval demo system.
Aspect Windows, 3-D Visualizations, and Indirect Comparisons of Information Retrieval Systems.
Why Batch and User Evaluations Do Not Give the Same Results.
Analysis of Unintended Connections Between Disjoint Science Literatures.
User interface effects in past batch versus user experiments.
Results of Applying Probabilistic IR to OCR Text.
Publish/subscribe functionality in IR environments using structured overlay networks.
Measuring the Informativeness of a Retrieval Process.
Statistical Phrases for Vector-Space Information Retrieval (poster abstract).
A Semantic Model and Schema Notation for Bibliographic Retrieval Systems.
User performance versus precision measures for simple search tasks.
Generating an Individualized User Interface: From Novice to Expert.
Natural Language vs. Boolean Query Evaluation: A Comparison of Retrieval Performance.
Simulation of User Judgments in Bibliographic Retrieval Systems.
Inference Networks for Document Retrieval.
Simulation of Bibliographic Retrieval Databases Using Hyperterms.
Multi-faceted information retrieval system for large scale email archives.
Problems in the Simulation of Bibliographic Retrieval Systems.
Automatic Indexing Based on Bayesian Inference Networks.
Some Measures and Procedures for Evaluation of the User Interface in an Information Retrieval System.
Noun sense induction using web search results.
A Complete Model for Information Retrieval Systems.
Exploiting hyperlink recommendation evidence in navigational web search.
Efficient Search Server Assignment in a Disproportionate System Environment.
Relevance and contributing information types of searched documents in task performance.
Variance based classifier comparison in text categorization.
Searching the web using composed pages.
Selecting indexing strings using adaptation.
The Economics of Search.
Using dragpushing to refine centroid text classifiers.
Using web-graph distance for relevance feedback in web search.
On scaling latent semantic indexing for large peer-to-peer systems.
Evaluation of a Tool for Visualization of Information Retrieval Results.
A two-stage mixture model for pseudo feedback.
Effectiveness of a Graphical Display of Retrieval Results.
Regularized estimation of mixture models for robust pseudo-relevance feedback.
Fast and Effective Query Refinement.
History repeats itself: repeat queries in Yahoo's logs.
K-tree/forest: efficient indexes for boolean queries.
Personalizing search via automated analysis of interests and activities.
Correction of Phonographic Errors in Natural Language Interfaces.
Empirical development of an exponential probabilistic model for text retrieval: using textual analysis to build a better model.
Structure-driven crawler generation by example.
An Approach to Research in File Organization.
Dissemination of Collection Wide Information in a Distributed Information Retrieval System.
Quantitative evaluation of passage retrieval algorithms for question answering.
On ranking the effectiveness of searches.
Enriched Knowledge Representations for Information Retrieval.
Learning to extract information from semi-structured text using a discriminative context free grammar.
Intelligent Support for Interface Systems.
Transliteration of proper names in cross-language applications.
Text Compression Using Prediction.
Vector-Space Ranking with Effective Early Termination.
Augmented Transition Networks as a Design Tool for Personalized Data Base Systems.
Predicting the Performance of Linearly Combined IR Systems.
Efficient and self-tuning incremental query expansion for top-k query processing.
Evaluation by Highly Relevant Documents.
Informational Zooming: An Interaction Model for the Graphical Access to Text Knowledge Bases.
Measuring ineffectiveness.
A Common Architecture for Different Text Processing Techniques in an Information Retrieval Environment.
The Cluster Hypothesis Revisited.
A Hypertext Knowledge Base for Primary Care - LIMEDS in LINCKS.
The Efficiency of Inverted Index and Cluster Searches.
A Case-Based Architecture for A Dialogue Manager for Information Seeking.
Using WordNet to Disambiguate Word Senses for Text Retrieval.
Transactional Log Analysis: Online Catalogs.
Query Expansion Using Lexical-Semantic Relations.
Monitoring and Evaluation of Information Systems Via Transaction Log Analysis.
Variations in Relevance Judgments and the Measurement of Retrieval Effectiveness.
Searchers' criteria For assessing web pages.
The effect of topic set size on retrieval experiment error.
Advantages of Query Biased Summaries in Information Retrieval.
Learning Collection Fusion Strategies.
Early precision measures: implications from the downside of blind feedback.
Building a question answering test collection.
Conceptual Information Retrieval Using RUBRIC.
Relevance information: a loss of entropy but a gain for IDF?
RUBRIC - An Environment for Full Text Information Retrieval.
An experimental study on automatically labeling hierarchical clusters using statistical features.
Filtering algorithms for information retrieval models with named attributes and proximity operators.
Scalable hierarchical topic detection: exploring a sample based approach.
Information Retrieval and the Query Language.
An artificial intelligence approach to information retrieval (abstract only).
Estimating Effective Display Size in Online Retrieval Systems.
Strict and vague interpretation of XML-retrieval queries.
Parallel Processing and Information Retrieval.
Why structural hints in queries do not help XML-retrieval.
Image classification using hybrid neural networks.
Indexing emails and email threads for retrieval.
Methodological Issues for the Design of an Office Information Server - Focal Topics for the Analysis from an Office System Perspective.
A retrospective study of probabilistic context-based retrieval.
A graph-based framework for relation propagation and its application to multi-label learning.
Interactive Phrase Browsing Within Compressed Text.
Example-based phrase translation in Chinese-English CLIR.
Quantitative Evaluation of Design Tradeoffs in File Systems.
Discovering Typical Structures of Documents: A Road Map Approach.
Combining bidirectional translation and synonymy for cross-language information retrieval.
Self-organizing distributed collaborative filtering.
Latent semantic analysis for multiple-type interrelated data objects.
Dirichlet PageRank.
Unifying user-based and item-based collaborative filtering approaches by similarity fusion.
Detecting dominant locations from search queries.
An Analysis of Vector Space Models Based on Computational Geometry.
ReCoM: reinforcement clustering of multi-type interrelated data objects.
A review of relevance feedback experiments at the 2003 reliable information access (RIA) workshop.
Towards an Expert System for Bibliographic Retrieval: A Prolog Prototype.
New Techniques for Open-Vocabulary Spoken Document Retrieval.
LDA-based document models for ad-hoc retrieval.
WEIRD: An Approach to Concept-Based Information Retrieval
A Probabilistic Algorithm for Nearest Neighbour Searching.
Probabilistic model for contextual retrieval.
Query Clustering Using Content Words and User Feedback.
Incorporating a Semantic Analysis into a Document Retrieval Strategy.
Progress Report on Project Information Bridge.
Probabilistic multimedia retrieval.
Experimental result analysis for a generative probabilistic image retrieval model.
A study of topic similarity measures.
An implicit system for predicting interests.
Query-Based Web Page Summarisation: A Task-Oriented Evaluation.
A system using implicit feedback and top ranking sentences to help users find relevant web documents.
A study of real-time query expansion effectiveness.
Finding relevant documents using top ranking sentences: an evaluation of two alternative schemes.
A study of factors affecting the utility of implicit relevance feedback.
SCAN: Designing and Evaluating User Interfaces to Support Retrieval From Speech Archives.
The Role of Information Retrieval in the Second Computer Revolution.
Effective Retrieval of Structured Documents.
Using the Cosine Measure in a Neural Network for Document.
Searcher Performance in Question Answering.
Chemoinformatics: an application domain for information retrieval techniques.
Does Relevance Feedback Improve Document Retrieval Performance?
Cafe: An Indexed Approach to Searching Genomic Databases.
ANNOD - A Navigator of Natural-language Organized (Textual) Data.
The Dynamic HomeFinder: Evaluating Dynamic Queries in a Real-Estate Information Exploration System.
Improving the Information Search Interface: the case for two search models.
Integrated Information Retrieval for Law in a Hypertext Environment.
File Structure Determination.
Breaking the Complexity Barrier again.
Digital Libraries: Bridging the Two Cultures.
Ultra-Summarization: A Statistical Approach to Generating Highly Condensed Non-Extractive Summaries (poster abstract).
Automatic classification in product catalogs.
Computation of Term Associations by a Neural Network.
Vector Space Model of Information Retrieval - A Reevaluation.
A Statistical Similarity Measure.
Linear Structure in Information Retrieval.
A Machine Learning Approach to Information Retrieval.
On Extending the Vector Space Model for Boolean Query Processing.
Generalized Vector Space Model in Information Retrieval.
Dimensionality reduction for dimension-specific search.
The role of a judge in a user based retrieval experiment.
Two Learning Schemes in Information Retrieval.
AdaRank: a boosting algorithm for information retrieval.
Human versus machine in the topic distillation task.
Experiments on the Determination of the Reltionships Between Terms.
IDF revisited: a simple new derivation within the Robertson-Spärck Jones probabilistic model.
SE-LEGO: creating metasearch engines on demand.
An Object-Oriented Modelling of the History of Optimal Retrievals.
A Comparison of Search Term Weighting: Term Relevance vs. Inverse Document Frequency.
A nonparametric hierarchical bayesian framework for information filtering.
Retrieving Highly Dynamic, Widely Distributed Information.
Using the web for automated translation extraction in cross-language information retrieval.
Title, Preface, Contributors.
Detection and translation of OOV terms prior to query time.
Index.
Robustness of regularized linear classification methods in text categorization.
Backmatter.
Multi-label informed latent semantic indexing.
SimFusion: measuring similarity using unified relationship matrix.
Supporting multiple information-seeking strategies in a single system framework (abstract only).
Learning effective ranking functions for newsgroup search.
Stable Algorithms for Link Analysis.
Query Expansion Using Local and Global Document Analysis.
Concept-based biomedical text retrieval.
Effective Retrieval with Distributed Collections.
On redundancy of training corpus for text categorization: a perspective of geometry.
Cluster-Based Language Models for Distributed Retrieval.
The relationship between ASK and relevance criteria.
Empirical studies in strategies for Arabic retrieval.
Context-sensitive semantic smoothing for the language modeling approach to genomic IR.
Document clustering by concept factorization.
Uncertainties in Information Retrieval.
Document clustering based on non-negative matrix factorization.
Incorporating quality metrics in centralized/distributed information retrieval on the World Wide Web.
Building implicit links from content for forum search.
Automatic sense disambiguation for acronyms.
Automatic music video summarization based on audio-visual-text analysis and alignment.
Multi-labelled classification using maximum entropy method.
A unified model of literal mining and link analysis for ranking web resources.
Web Document Clustering: A Feasibility Demonstration.
Evaluation of an extraction-based approach to answering definitional questions.
Bayesian extension to the language model for ad hoc information retrieval.
Evaluating a Probabilistic Model for Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval.
Reseda, An Information Retrieval System Using Artificial Intelligence and Knowledge Representation Techniques.
Scalable collaborative filtering using cluster-based smoothing.
Some Remarks About the Inference Techniques of RESEDA, an "Intelligent" Information Retrieval System.
Exploiting the hierarchical structure for link analysis.
The Use of Inference Mechanisms to Improve the Retrieval Facilities from Large Relational Databases.
Implicit link analysis for small web search.
Conceptual Representation for Knowledge Bases and "Intelligent" Information Retrieval Systems.
Fast Speculative Search Engine on the Highly Parallel Computer EM-X.
An Approach to Probabilistic Retrieval.
How Reliable Are the Results of Large-Scale Information Retrieval Experiments?
Experiments of Collecting WWW Information Using Distributed WWW Robots.
Phonetic String Matching: Lessons from Information Retrieval.
Record Block Allocation for Retrieval on Secondary Keys.
Automatic Generation of Concise Summaries of Spoken Dialogues in Unrestricted Domains.
Probabilistic latent query analysis for combining multiple retrieval sources.
Learning to cluster web search results.
OCFS: optimal orthogonal centroid feature selection for text categorization.
Generic summarization and keyphrase extraction using mutual reinforcement principle and sentence clustering.
OMES: a new evaluation strategy using optimal matching for document clustering.
A Study on Thresholding Strategies for Text Categorization.
Correlating multilingual documents via bipartite graph modeling.
Chinese keyword extraction based on max-duplicated strings of the documents.
Incorporating query difference for learning retrieval functions in information retrieval.
Expert Network: Effective and Efficient Learning from Human Decisions in Text Categorization and Retrieval.
Beyond independent relevance: methods and evaluation metrics for subtopic retrieval.
Noise Reduction in a Statistical Approach to Text Categorization.
Exploration of a heuristic approach to threshold learning in adaptive filtering.
Improving text categorization methods for event tracking.
A Study of Smoothing Methods for Language Models Applied to Ad Hoc Information Retrieval.
Effectiveness of web page classification on finding list answers.
Two-stage language models for information retrieval.
Near-duplicate detection by instance-level constrained clustering.
Using bayesian priors to combine classifiers for adaptive filtering.
An Application of Least Squares Fit Mapping to Text Information Retrieval.
Maximum Likelihood Estimation for Filtering Thresholds.
Structured use of external knowledge for event-based open domain question answering.
Intelligent fusion of structural and citation-based evidence for text classification.
Measuring similarity of semi-structured documents with context weights.
User term feedback in interactive text-based image retrieval.
A Re-Examination of Text Categorization Methods.
Text classification with kernels on the multinomial manifold.
A Study of Retrospective and On-Line Event Detection.
Novelty and redundancy detection in adaptive filtering.
Fractal summarization: summarization based on fractal theory.
Mining translations of OOV terms from the web through cross-lingual query expansion.
Robustness of adaptive filtering methods in a cross-benchmark evaluation.
Question classification using support vector machines.
A scalability analysis of classifiers in text categorization.
Non-Binary Independence Model.
Nexus: a real time QA system.
Derived Search Keys for Bibliographic Retrieval.
Web taxonomy integration through co-bootstrapping.
Preference Structure, Inference and Set-Oriented Retrieval.
Improving web search results using affinity graph.
Automatic Information Extraction from Web Pages.
Effects of out of vocabulary words in spoken document retrieval.
Aggregated feature retrieval for MPEG-7 via clustering.
Analysis of a low-dimensional linear model under recommendation attacks.
Learning to estimate query difficulty: including applications to missing content detection and distributed information retrieval.
Heads and tails: studies of web search with common and rare queries.
Adaptive Document Clustering.
Focused named entity recognition using machine learning.
Querying XML using structures and keywords in timber.
Geographic ranking for a local search engine.
Improving active learning recall via disjunctive boolean constraints.
Topic segmentation using weighted lexical links (WLL).
Alternatives to Bpref.
Strategy follows technology.
Boosting static pruning of inverted files.
Combining error-correcting output codes and model-refinement for text categorization.
Quantify query ambiguity using ODP metadata.
Fine-grained named entity recognition and relation extraction for question answering.
Improving text classification for oral history archives with temporal domain knowledge.
The wild thing goes local.
A music search engine built upon audio-based and web-based similarity measures.
ESTER: efficient search on text, entities, and relations.
Federated text retrieval from uncooperative overlapped collections.
Information re-retrieval: repeat queries in Yahoo's logs.
Focused ranking in a vertical search engine.
Document layout and color driven image retrieval.
Validity and power of t-test for comparing MAP and GMAP.
Model-averaged latent semantic indexing.
Fast exact maximum likelihood estimation for mixture of language models.
A new approach for evaluating query expansion: query-document term mismatch.
TimedTextRank: adding the temporal dimension to multi-document summarization.
Topic segmentation with shared topic detection and alignment of multiple documents.
Feature engineering for mobile (SMS) spam filtering.
Regularized clustering for documents.
Towards musical query-by-semantic-description using the CAL500 data set.
On the robustness of relevance measures with incomplete judgments.
Latent concept expansion using markov random fields.
An interactive algorithm for asking and incorporating feature feedback into support vector machines.
Clustering short texts using wikipedia.
What emotions do news articles trigger in their readers?
A semantic approach to contextual advertising.
Random walks on the click graph.
Robust classification of rare queries using web knowledge.
Indexing confusion networks for morph-based spoken document retrieval.
A time machine for text search.
Feature selection for ranking.
X-Site: a workplace search tool for software engineers.
Performance prediction using spatial autocorrelation.
Hits hits TREC: exploring IR evaluation results with network analysis.
Improving weak ad-hoc queries using wikipedia asexternal corpus.
Recommending citations for academic papers.
Heavy-tailed distributions and multi-keyword queries.
CollabSum: exploiting multiple document clustering for collaborative single document summarizations.
People search in the enterprise.
Context sensitive stemming for web search.
Compressed permuterm index.
Efficient integration of proximity for text, semi-structured and graph retrieval.
Evaluating relevant in context: document retrieval with a twist.
Automatic query-time generation of retrieval expert coefficients for multimedia retrieval.
Search results using timeline visualizations.
Understanding the relationship of information need specificity to search query length.
Hits on question answer portals: exploration of link analysis for author ranking.
Selection and ranking of text from highly imperfect transcripts for retrieval of video content.
Estimating the value of automatic disambiguation.
Winnowing wheat from the chaff: propagating trust to sift spam from the web.
Viewing online searching within a learning paradigm.
On the importance of preserving the part-order in shape retrieval.
Combining content and link for classification using matrix factorization.
Mobile interface of the memoria project.
High-dimensional visual vocabularies for image retrieval.
First experiments searching spontaneous Czech speech.
Modelling epistemic uncertainty in ir evaluation.
Evaluating discourse-based answer extraction for -question answering.
Investigating the relevance of sponsored results for web ecommerce queries.
Test theory for assessing IR test collections.
Cross-lingual query suggestion using query logs of different languages.
Vocabulary independent spoken term detection.
Text categorization for streams.
Retrieval of discussions from enterprise mailing lists.
Natural language and the information layer.
Learn from web search logs to organize search results.
Detecting word substitutions: PMI vs. HMM.
A comparison of pooled and sampled relevance judgments.
A combined component approach for finding collection-adapted ranking functions based on genetic programming.
Estimating collection size with logistic regression.
ARSA: a sentiment-aware model for predicting sales performance using blogs.
Ranking with multiple hyperplanes.
Information-behaviour modeling with external cues.
Personalized query expansion for the web.
IR-Toolbox: an experiential learning tool for teaching IR.
Automatic extension of non-english wordnets.
Using query contexts in information retrieval.
Random walk term weighting for information retrieval.
Probability ranking principle via optimal expected rank.
Document clustering: an optimization problem.
Interesting nuggets and their impact on definitional question answering.
The influence of basic tokenization on biomedical document retrieval.
Fast generation of result snippets in web search.
A full-text retrieval toolkit for mobile desktop search.
A fact/opinion classifier for news articles.
Story segmentation of broadcast news in Arabic, Chinese and English using multi-window features.
Utility-based information distillation over temporally sequenced documents.
VideoReach: an online video recommendation system.
Studying the use of popular destinations to enhance web search interaction.
An effective snippet generation method using the pseudo relevance feedback technique.
Where to start reading a textual XML document?
A comparison of sentence retrieval techniques.
The DILIGENT framework for distributed information retrieval.
New event detection based on indexing-tree and named entity.
Neighborhood restrictions in geographic IR.
A summarisation logic for structured documents.
MRF based approach for sentence retrieval.
Ranking by community relevance.
Enhancing relevance scoring with chronological term rank.
Using collaborative queries to improve retrieval for difficult topics.
Creativity support: information discovery and exploratory search.
A generic framework for machine transliteration.
Using gradient descent to optimize language modeling smoothing parameters.
Matching resumes and jobs based on relevance models.
Fuzzy temporal and spatial reasoning for intelligent information retrieval.
Hits on the web: how does it compare?
Incorporating term dependency in the dfr framework.
Towards robust query expansion: model selection in the language modeling framework.
Management of keyword variation with frequency based generation of word forms in IR.
Query suggestion based on user landing pages.
Protecting source privacy in federated search.
Attention-based information retrieval.
A multi-criteria content-based filtering system.
Knowledge-intensive conceptual retrieval and passage extraction of biomedical literature.
Automatic classification of web pages into bookmark categories.
Beyond classical measures: how to evaluate the effectiveness of interactive information retrieval system?
A study of Poisson query generation model for information retrieval.
Investigating the querying and browsing behavior of advanced search engine users.
The impact of caching on search engines.
Resource monitoring in information extraction.
Improving retrieval accuracy by weighting document types with clickthrough data.
Analyzing feature trajectories for event detection.
An analysis of peer-to-peer file-sharing system queries.
Power and bias of subset pooling strategies.
Applying ranking SVM in query relaxation.
Web text retrieval with a P2P query-driven index.
How well does result relevance predict session satisfaction?
Novelty detection using local context analysis.
An effective method for finding best entry points in semi-structured documents.
Workload sampling for enterprise search evaluation.
Evaluating sampling methods for uncooperative collections.
Updating collection representations for federated search.
BordaConsensus: a new consensus function for soft cluster ensembles.
Semantic text classification of disease reporting.
Characterizing the value of personalizing search.
Active learning for class imbalance problem.
Efficient bayesian hierarchical user modeling for recommendation system.
: enhancing contextual desktop search.
The relationship between IR effectiveness measures and user satisfaction.
Multiple-signal duplicate detection for search evaluation.
The influence of caption features on clickthrough patterns in web search.
Building simulated queries for known-item topics: an analysis using six european languages.
Making mind and machine meet: a study of combining cognitive and algorithmic relevance feedback.
Opinion holder extraction from author and authority viewpoints.
Principles of hash-based text retrieval.
DiscoverInfo: a tool for discovering information with relevance and novelty.
A probabilistic graphical model for joint answer ranking in question answering.
Learning to rank collections.
Broad expertise retrieval in sparse data environments.
Strategic system comparisons via targeted relevance judgments.
Problems with Kendall's tau.
Supporting multiple information-seeking strategies in a single system framework.
Laplacian optimal design for image retrieval.
Finding similar experts.
Locality discriminating indexing for document classification.
Towards task-based personal information management evaluations.
Relaxed online SVMs for spam filtering.
More efficient parallel computation of pagerank.
Know your neighbors: web spam detection using the web topology.
Varying approaches to topical web query classification.
Robust test collections for retrieval evaluation.
Deconstructing nuggets: the stability and reliability of complex question answering evaluation.
A flexible extension of XPath to improve XML querying.
Local approximation of PageRank and reverse PageRank.
Task-aware search personalization.
Personal vs non-personal blogs: initial classification experiments.
Utilizing phrase based semantic information for term dependency.
AdImage: video advertising by image matching and ad scheduling optimization.
Talking the talk vs. walking the walk: salience of information needs in querying vs. browsing.
Crosslingual location search.
Parsimonious concept modeling.
The impact of history length on personalized search.
Using parsimonious language models on web data.
Web query translation via web log mining.
Query expansion using gaze-based feedback on the subdocument level.
Delighting Chinese users: the Google China experience.
WISA: a novel web image semantic analysis system.
Improving relevance feedback in language modeling with score regularization.
SpotSigs: robust and efficient near duplicate detection in large web collections.
Hierarchical naive bayes models for representing user profiles.
Parsimonious relevance models.
Modeling expert finding as an absorbing random walk.
Learning to rank with ties.
Information retrieval on bug locations by learning co-located bug report clusters.
Predicting when browsing context is relevant to search.
Evaluation measures for preference judgments.
Affective feedback: an investigation into the role of emotions in the information seeking process.
Relevance judgments between TREC and Non-TREC assessors.
Search effectiveness with a breadth-first crawl.
Directly optimizing evaluation measures in learning to rank.
From concepts to implementation and visualization: tools from a team-based approach to ir.
Effective and efficient user interaction for long queries.
Learning query intent from regularized click graphs.
Real-time automatic tag recommendation.
Text collections for FIRE.
A topical PageRank based algorithm for recommender systems.
Towards personalized distributed information retrieval.
A study of query length.
Relational distance-based collaborative filtering.
The good and the bad system: does the test collection predict users' effectiveness?
Detecting synonyms in social tagging systems to improve content retrieval.
Exploring evaluation metrics: GMAP versus MAP.
Towards a combined model for search and navigation of annotated documents.
A user browsing model to predict search engine click data from past observations.
How do users find things with PubMed?: towards automatic utility evaluation with user simulations.
Score standardization for inter-collection comparison of retrieval systems.
A generation model to unify topic relevance and lexicon-based sentiment for opinion retrieval.
Query-drift prevention for robust query expansion.
Relevance assessment: are judges exchangeable and does it matter.
A longitudinal study of real-time search assistance adoption.
XML-aided phrase indexing for hypertext documents.
Large-scale cluster-based retrieval experiments on Turkish texts.
Structured retrieval for question answering.
A flexible retrieval system of shapes in binary images.
Lexical analysis for modeling web query reformulation.
Reliable information retrieval evaluation with incomplete and biased judgements.
Exploration of the tradeoff between effectiveness and efficiency for results merging in federated search.
A web page topic segmentation algorithm based on visual criteria and content layout.
Estimation and use of uncertainty in pseudo-relevance feedback.
The utility of linguistic rules in opinion mining.
Hierarchical classification for automatic image annotation.
An outranking approach for rank aggregation in information retrieval.
User-oriented text segmentation evaluation measure.
Enhancing patent retrieval by citation analysis.
ISKODOR: unified user modeling for integrated searching.
World knowledge in broad-coverage information filtering.
Radio Oranje: searching the queen's speech(es).
2007 Athena Lecturer Award introduction.
A "do-it-yourself" evaluation service for music information retrieval systems.
EXPOSE: searching the web for expertise.
Babel: a machine transliteration workbench.
Using clustering to enhance text classification.
Bridging the digital divide: understanding information access practices in an indian village community.
Detecting, categorizing and clustering entity mentions in Chinese text.
Selecting good expansion terms for pseudo-relevance feedback.
Effective missing data prediction for collaborative filtering.
Revisiting the dependence language model for information retrieval.
Effects of highly agreed documents in relevancy prediction.
Pruning policies for two-tiered inverted index with correctness guarantee.
Wikipedia in the pocket: indexing technology for near-duplicate detection and high similarity search.
Towards automatic extraction of event and place semantics from flickr tags.
Intra-assessor consistency in question answering.
Generative modeling of persons and documents for expert search.
Using similarity links as shortcuts to relevant web pages.
Strategies for retrieving plagiarized documents.
Efficient document retrieval in main memory.
Term feedback for information retrieval with language models.
An exploration of proximity measures in information retrieval.
FRank: a ranking method with fidelity loss.
Paragraph retrieval for -question answering.
MQX: multi-query engine for compressed XML data.
Comparing query logs and pseudo-relevance feedbackfor web-search query refinement.
Combining term-based and event-based matching for question answering.
Global resources for peer-to-peer text retrieval.
DiffusionRank: a possible penicillin for web spamming.
A support vector method for optimizing average precision.
Query rewriting using active learning for sponsored search.
A regression framework for learning ranking functions using relative relevance judgments.
Query performance prediction in web search environments.
Don't have a stemmer?: be un+concern+ed.
Spectral geometry for simultaneously clustering and ranking query search results.
Ranking opinionated blog posts using OpinionFinder.
Semi-supervised spam filtering: does it work?
Local text reuse detection.
Exploring mouse movements for inferring query intent.
A comparative evaluation of different link types on enhancing document clustering.
Predicting information seeker satisfaction in community question answering.
Context and linking in retrieval from personal digital archives.
Algorithmic mediation for collaborative exploratory search.
Exploring question subjectivity prediction in community QA.
BrowseRank: letting web users vote for page importance.
EigenRank: a ranking-oriented approach to collaborative filtering.
Kleio: a knowledge-enriched information retrieval system for biology.
Ambiguous queries: test collections need more sense.
Comments-oriented document summarization: understanding documents with readers' feedback.
Enhancing text clustering by leveraging Wikipedia semantics.
Biomedical cross-language information retrieval.
Clustering search results for mobile terminals.
Aggregated click-through data in a homogeneous user community.
Searching blogs and news: a study on popular queries.
Affective feedback: an investigation into the role of emotions in the information seeking process.
Improving biomedical document retrieval using domain knowledge.
Learning to rank with partially-labeled data.
One-button search extracts wider interests: an empirical study with video bookmarking search.
Pagerank based clustering of hypertext document collections.
On multiword entity ranking in peer-to-peer search.
A simple and efficient sampling method for estimating AP and NDCG.
To personalize or not to personalize: modeling queries with variation in user intent.
The search for expertise: to the documents and beyond.
User preference choices for complex question answering.
Bloggers as experts: feed distillation using expert retrieval models.
Learning with support vector machines for query-by-multiple-examples.
Enhancing web search by promoting multiple search engine use.
SOPING: a Chinese customer review mining system.
Theoretical bounds on and empirical robustness of score regularization to different similarity measures.
Novelty and diversity in information retrieval evaluation.
Topic-bridged PLSA for cross-domain text classification.
Generalising multiple capture-recapture to non-uniform sample sizes.
Efficient top-k querying over social-tagging networks.
On iterative intelligent medical search.
Deep classification in large-scale text hierarchies.
An algorithm for text categorization.
TSCAN: a novel method for topic summarization and content anatomy.
Exploiting sequential dependencies for expert finding.
Automatic document prior feature selection for web retrieval.
Fine-grained relevance feedback for XML retrieval.
Bilkent news portal: a personalizable system with new event detection and tracking capabilities.
A cluster-based resampling method for pseudo-relevance feedback.
On the evolution of the yahoo! answers QA community.
Improving text classification accuracy using topic modeling over an additional corpus.
Reorganizing compressed text.
Precision-at-ten considered redundant.
An unsupervised framework for extracting and normalizing product attributes from multiple web sites.
Emulating query-biased summaries using document titles.
A lattice-based approach to query-by-example spoken document retrieval.
A study of learning a merge model for multilingual information retrieval.
A reranking model for genomics aspect search.
Optimizing relevance and revenue in ad search: a query substitution approach.
Combining learn-based and lexicon-based techniques for sentiment detection without using labeled examples.
The opposite of smoothing: a language model approach to ranking query-specific document clusters.
Author-topic evolution analysis using three-way non-negative Paratucker.
Understanding system implementation and user behavior in a collaborative information seeking environment.
Adaptive label-driven scaling for latent semantic indexing.
TF-IDF uncovered: a study of theories and probabilities.
Proximity-aware scoring for XML retrieval.
A new probabilistic retrieval model based on the dirichlet compound multinomial distribution.
Exploiting correlated keywords to improve approximate information filtering.
A boosting algorithm for learning bipartite ranking functions with partially labeled data.
Minexml: bridging unstructured query with structured resources via mediated query.
Retrieval and feedback models for blog feed search.
How medical expertise influences web search interaction.
A few examples go a long way: constructing query models from elaborate query formulations.
Extending language modeling techniques to models of search and browsing activity in a digital library.
Locating relevant text within XML documents.
Comparing metrics across TREC and NTCIR: : the robustness to pool depth bias.
Query-sensitive mutual reinforcement chain and its application in query-oriented multi-document summarization.
Learning to rank with SoftRank and Gaussian processes.
Multi-document summarization using cluster-based link analysis.
Structuring collections with Scatter/Gather extensions.
Web page retrieval in ubiquitous sensor environments.
A word shape coding method for camera-based document images.
Fixed-threshold SMO for Joint Constraint Learning Algorithm of Structural SVM.
A scalable assistant librarian: hierarchical subject classification of books.
Guide focused crawler efficiently and effectively using on-line topical importance estimation.
Discriminative probabilistic models for passage based retrieval.
Query dependent ranking using K-nearest neighbor.
Inferring the most important types of a query: a semantic approach.
Ice-tea: an interactive cross-language search engine with translation enhancement.
Classifiers without borders: incorporating fielded text from neighboring web pages.
Question classification with semantic tree kernel.
Product retrieval for grocery stores.
Summarization of compressed text images: an experience on Indic script documents.
User adaptation: good results from poor systems.
Enhancing keyword-based botanical information retrieval with information extraction.
Separate and inequal: preserving heterogeneity in topical authority flows.
Discovering key concepts in verbose queries.
Relevance thresholds in system evaluations.
An alignment-based pattern representation model for information extraction.
Bag-of-visual-words expansion using visual relatedness for video indexing.
A method for transferring retrieval scores between collections with non-overlapping vocabularies.
Exploring traversal strategy for web forum crawling.
A rank-aggregation approach to searching for optimal query-specific clusters.
Intuition-supporting visualization of user's performance based on explicit negative higher-order relevance.
Social recommendations at work.
Exploiting subjectivity analysis in blogs to improve political leaning categorization.
Bilingual topic aspect classification with a few training examples.
Refining search results with facet landscapes.
A study of methods for negative relevance feedback.
Re-ranking search results using document-passage graphs.
Guilt by association as a search principle.
Exploiting MDS Projections for Cross-language IR.
A bayesian logistic regression model for active relevance feedback.
Automatically identifying localizable queries.
A faceted interface for multimedia search.
Personalized active learning for collaborative filtering.
trNon-greedy active learning for text categorization using convex ansductive experimental design.
Evaluation over thousands of queries.
Attack resistant collaborative filtering.
Measuring concept relatedness using language models.
Query preprocessing: improving web search through a Vietnamese word tokenization approach.
Exploiting proximity feature in bigram language model for information retrieval.
Finding question-answer pairs from online forums.
Retrieval models for question and answer archives.
A new interpretation of average precision.
Towards breaking the quality curse.: a web-querying approach to web people search.
Exploring and measuring dependency trees for informationretrieval.
Hypergraph partitioning for document clustering: a unified clique perspective.
A unified and discriminative model for query refinement.
Learning to reduce the semantic gap in web image retrieval and annotation.
Exploring folksonomy for personalized search.
A general optimization framework for smoothing language models on graph structures.
Generating diverse katakana variants based on phonemic mapping.
Using a mediated query approach for matching unstructured query with structured resources.
Limits of opinion-finding baseline systems.
Combining document- and paragraph-based entity ranking.
On document splitting in passage detection.
Social tag prediction.
Retrieval sensitivity under training using different measures.
Asymmetric distance estimation with sketches for similarity search in high-dimensional spaces.
Geographic IR and visualization in time and space.
Exploiting XML structure to improve information retrieval in peer-to-peer systems.
Task detection for activity-based desktop search.
Dynamic visualization of music classification systems.
Cross-lingual search over 22 european languages.
A new rank correlation coefficient for information retrieval.
TopicRank: bringing insight to users.
To tag or not to tag -: harvesting adjacent metadata in large-scale tagging systems.
Learning to rank at query-time using association rules.
Learning from labeled features using generalized expectation criteria.
ResIn: a combination of results caching and index pruning for high-performance web search engines.
Site-based dynamic pruning for query processing in search engines.
Analyzing web text association to disambiguate abbreviation in queries.
Term clouds as surrogates for user generated speech.
Knowledge transformation from word space to document space.
Multi-document summarization via sentence-level semantic analysis and symmetric matrix factorization.
Posterior probabilistic clustering using NMF.
FLASH: A Language-Independent, Portable File Access System.
Database System Issues in Nomadic Computing.
Non-deterministic Modelling of Logical Queries in Deductive Databases.
Fast Search in Main Memory Databases.
User Interfaces.
User Interfaces and Database Management Systems.
Oracle Rdb's Record Caching Model.
Replication, Consistency, and Practicality: Are These Mutually Exclusive?
Information-Theoretic Tools for Mining Database Structure from Large Data Sets.
OPTICS: Ordering Points To Identify the Clustering Structure.
Indexing Images in Oracle8i.
Database Programming Languages: A Functional Approach.
Web caching for database applications with Oracle Web Cache.
A Territorial Database Management System (Abstract).
A New Perspective on Rule Support for Object-Oriented Databases.
STREAM: The Stanford Stream Data Manager.
Extracting Structured Data from Web Pages.
The Handwritten Trie: Indexing Electronic Ink.
SIMS: Retrieving and Integrating Information From Multiple Sources.
The Priority R-Tree: A Practically Efficient and Worst-Case Optimal R-Tree.
Time and Databases.
An Empirical Comparison of B-Trees, Compact B-Trees and Multiway Trees.
The Query By Image Content (QBIC) System.
A Super Scalar Sort Algorithm for RISC Processors.
Implementation of a Structured English Query Language (Abstract).
Query-Sensitive Embeddings.
Use of a Component Architecture in Integrating Relational and Non-relational Storage Systems.
Efficient Updates to Independent Schemes in the Weak Instance Model.
MDM: a Multiple-Data-Model Tool for the Management of Heterogeneous Database Schemes.
About Quark Digital Media System.
Static Optimization of Conjunctive Queries with Sliding Windows Over Infinite Streams.
Chain : Operator Scheduling for Memory Minimization in Data Stream Systems.
Towards a Robust Query Optimizer: A Principled and Practical Approach.
Dynamic Sample Selection for Approximate Query Processing.
Distributed Top-K Monitoring.
Proactive Re-optimization.
Proactive re-optimization with Rio.
SPARTAN: A Model-Based Semantic Compression System for Massive Data Tables.
Hierarchical subspace sampling: a unified framework for high dimensional data reduction, selectivity estimation and nearest neighbor search.
Visual COKO: a debugger for query optimizer development.
Applying Update Streams in a Soft Real-Time Database System.
Adaptive Ordering of Pipelined Stream Filters.
Aurora: A Data Stream Management System.
A Framework for Change Diagnosis of Data Streams.
Integrating compression and execution in column-oriented database systems.
Database tuning advisor for microsoft SQL server 2005: demo.
The Group Paradigm for Concurrency Control Protocols.
Models for Studying Concurrency Control Performance: Alternatives and Implications.
Objects and Views.
The STRIP Rule System For Efficiently Maintaining Derived Data.
Towards an Efficient Evaluation of General Queries: Quantifier and Disjunction Processing Revisited.
Dynamic XML documents with distribution and replication.
Monitoring Business Processes through Event Correlation based on Dependency Model.
Lazy Query Evaluation for Active XML.
Materialized View and Index Selection Tool for Microsoft SQL Server 2000.
A Database Interface for File Updates.
Automatic physical design tuning: workload as a sequence.
Data Functions, Datalog and Negation (Extended Abstract).
Recovery Architectures for Multiprocessor Database Machines.
Object Identity as a Query Language Primitive.
Information Sharing Across Private Databases.
On the Representation and Querying of Sets of Possible Worlds.
Quest: A Project on Database Mining.
Methods and Rules.
ODE (Object Database and Environment): The Language and the Data Model.
Self-tuning Histograms: Building Histograms Without Looking at Data.
Automatic Subspace Clustering of High Dimensional Data for Data Mining Applications.
Broadcast Disks: Data Management for Asymmetric Communications Environments.
OdeView: The Graphical Interface to Ode.
Transaction Restarts in Prolog Database Systems.
OdeView: A User-Friendly Graphical Interface to Ode.
Balancing Push and Pull for Data Broadcast.
Mining Association Rules between Sets of Items in Large Databases.
Congressional Samples for Approximate Answering of Group-By Queries.
A System for Watermarking Relational Databases.
The Aqua Approximate Query Answering System.
Using Multiversion Data for Non-interfering Execution of Write-only Transactions.
Join Synopses for Approximate Query Answering.
Order-Preserving Encryption for Numeric Data.
Selectivity Estimation in Spatial Databases.
Efficient Optimistic Concurrency Control Using Loosely Synchronized Clocks.
Hosting the .NET Runtime in Microsoft SQL Server.
Generating Efficient Plans for Queries Using Views.
Efficient reverse k-nearest neighbor search in arbitrary metric spaces.
Integrating Vertical and Horizontal Partitioning Into Automated Physical Database Design.
Two Techniques for On-Line Index Modification in Shared Nothing Parallel Databases.
Context-sensitive ranking.
A Multi-Similarity Algebra.
Privacy-Preserving Data Mining.
Query Caching and Optimization in Distributed Mediator Systems.
Modular Synchronization in Multiversion Databases: versionControl and Concurrency Control.
A Multimedia Presentation Algebra.
Privacy Preserving OLAP.
Electronic Commerce: Tutorial.
A Framework for Expressing and Combining Preferences.
NoDoSE - A Tool for Semi-Automatically Extracting Semi-Structured Data from Text Documents.
Managing Healthcare Data Hippocratically.
Nodose Version 2.0.
Fast Algorithms for Projected Clustering.
Distributed operation in the Borealis stream processing engine.
A New Method for Similarity Indexing of Market Basket Data.
Version Management of Composite Objects in CAD Databases.
Finding Generalized Projected Clusters In High Dimensional Spaces.
Efficient Optimization of a Class of Relational Expressions (Abstract).
Outlier Detection for High Dimensional Data.
Performance Evaluation of a Temporal Database Management System.
QXtract: A Building Block for Efficient Information Extraction from Plain-Text Databases.
Behavior of Database Production Rules: Termination, Confluence, and Observable Determinism.
Snowball: A Prototype System for Extracting Relations from Large Text Collections.
Process And Dataflow Control In Distributed Data-Intensive Systems.
Using Delayed Commitment in Locking Protocols for Real-Time Databases.
Querying Structured Text in an XML Database.
Enabling Sovereign Information Sharing Using Web Services.
Efficient View Maintenance at Data Warehouses.
A Design Data Manager.
Efficient Management of Transitive Relationships in Large Data and Knowledge Bases.
DBIS-Toolkit: Adaptable Middleware for Large Scale Data Delivery.
DBXplorer: enabling keyword search over relational databases.
StreaMon: An Adaptive Engine for Stream Query Processing.
Database Issues in Telecommunications Network Management.
VQBD: Exploring Semistructured Data.
DBCache: database caching for web application servers.
Data Modelling of Scientific Simulation Programs.
ARIADNE: A System for Constructing Mediators for Internet Sources.
A Specialized Data Management System For Parallel Execution of Particle Physics Codes.
Flexible and efficient XML search with complex full-text predicates.
Model-Driven Business UI based on Maps.
Minimization of Tree Pattern Queries.
Capturing both Types and Constraints in Data Integration.
PIX: Exact and Approximate Phrase Matching in XML.
Fast Parallel Similarity Search in Multimedia Databases.
FleXPath: Flexible Structure and Full-Text Querying for XML.
Using the Co-existence Approach to Achieve Combined Functionality of Object-Oriented and Relational Systems.
The Pyramid-Technique: Towards Breaking the Curse of Dimensionality.
Data Management in eCommerce: The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
The "SUPER" Project.
S3: Similarity Search in CAD Database Systems.
Data Mining Techniques.
High-Performance Sorting on Networks of Workstations.
High-Dimensional Index Structures, Database Support for Next Decade's Applications (Tutorial).
Statistical Schema Matching across Web Query Interfaces.
javax.XXL: A prototype for a Library of Query processing Algorithms.
A New Way to Compute the Product and Join of Relations.
The Object-Oriented Database System Manifesto.
A Critique of ANSI SQL Isolation Levels.
Schema and ontology matching with COMA++.
The Practitioner's Viewpoint.
UniSQL/X Unified Relational and Object-Oriented Database System.
CONTROL: Continuous Output and Navigation Technology with Refinement On-Line.
DBMS Selection and Evaluation: Perspectives and Practical Issues.
The many roles of meta data in data integration.
Database Theory: Where Has It Been? Where Is It Going? (Abstract).
Issues Integrating Databases of Images, Graphical, Array and Character Data.
Repository System Engineering.
Cost and Performance Analysis of Semantic Integrity Validation Methods.
Fast Methods for Testing Quantified Relational Calculus Assertions.
Relaxed-currency serializability for middle-tier caching and replication.
Performance Evaluation of Semantics-based Multilevel Concurrency Control Protocols.
Implementing Recoverable Requests Using Queues.
A Unified Approach to Functional Dependencies and Relations.
Implementation of a Prototype Generalized File Translator.
Database Management Systems in the 1990.
The Term Retrieval Machine.
Fault-tolerance in the Borealis distributed stream processing system.
Semint: A System Prototype for Semantic Integration in Heterogeneous Databases.
Load Management and High Availability in the Medusa Distributed Stream Processing System.
Evolving Teradata Decision Support for Massively Parallel Processing with UNIX.
Fault Tolerant Design of Multimedia Servers.
Staggered Striping in Multimedia Information Systems.
Securing XML Documents: the Author-X Project Demonstration.
Using Multiversioning to Improve Performance Without Loss of Consistency.
Semantic Assumptions and Query Evaluation in Temporal Databases.
Real World Requirements for Decision Support - Implications for RDBMS.
Extending XQuery for Analytics.
The O2 Object-Oriented Database System.
DB2/XML: designing for evolution.
An Amateur's Introduction to Recursive Query Processing Strategies.
Bottom-Up Computation of Sparse and Iceberg CUBEs.
On Designing an I/O Processor for a Relational Data Base Machine.
Reliability in Distributed Database Systems (Panel).
Data Description for Computer-Aided Design.
Hypergraph Based Reorderings of Outer Join Queries with Complex Predicates.
Quark: an efficient XQuery full-text implementation.
Semantics and Implementation of Schema Evolution in Object-Oriented Databases.
Coordinating backup/recovery and data consistency between database and file systems.
An Efficient Scheme for Providing High Availability.
Sleepers and Workaholics: Caching Strategies in Mobile Environments.
Formal semantics and analysis of object queries.
Time Modeling in Office Information Systems.
Implementation of General Constraints in SIM.
ToXgene: a template-based data generator for XML.
The Performance of Three Database Storage Structures for Managing Large Objects.
TerraServer: A Spatial Data Warehouse.
ASSET: A System for Supporting Extended Transactions.
Phoenix: Making Applications Robust.
BeSS: Storage Support for Interactive Visualization Systems.
EOS: An Extensible Object Store.
ITASCA Distributed ODBMS.
Testing database applications.
Updating Relational Databases through Object-Based Views.
An Overview of DB2 Parallel Edition.
XML-Based Information Mediation with MIX.
Performance Evaluation of the Statistical Aggregation by Caterogization in the SM3 System.
A Formal View Integration Method.
Synthesizing Independent Database Schemas.
The Effect of Large Main memory on Database Systems.
A Framework for Research in Database Management for Statistical Analysis.
Technology Trends in Mass-Storage Systems.
Database Design: Methodologies, Tools, and Environments (Panel).
Managing the Printed Circuit Board Design Process.
B+ Trees and Indexed Sequential Files: A Performance Comparison.
Open Object Database Management Systems.
Modeling Concepts for VLSI CAD Objects (Abstract).
Data Access for the Masses through OLE DB.
Panel on Extensible Database Systems.
The Jungle Database Search Engine.
DataBlitz Storage Manager: Main Memory Database Performance for Critical Applications.
Tutorial: Data Access.
The Multidimensional Database System RasDaMan.
Efficiently Updating Materialized Views.
The Price of Validity in Dynamic Networks.
Experiences Building the Open OODB Query Optimizer.
Efficiently Mining Long Patterns from Databases.
Microsoft Universal Data Access Platform.
A Comparison of Selectivity Estimators for Range Queries on Metric Attributes.
An Approach to the Creation of Structured Data Processing Systems.
An Open Storage System for Abstract Objects.
Spatial Priority Search: An Access Technique for Scaleless Maps.
The INA: A Simple Query Language with Only Attribute Names.
Multikey Retrieval from K-d Trees and Quad-Trees.
On the Evaluation Strategy of EDUCE.
The R*-Tree: An Efficient and Robust Access Method for Points and Rectangles.
Incremental Evaluation of Schema-Directed XML Publishing.
BODHI: A Database Habitat for Bio-diversity Information.
ROLEX: Relational On-Line Exchange with XML.
A Complete Axiomatization for Functional and Multivalued Dependencies in Database Relations.
A Cost-Based Model and Effective Heuristic for Repairing Constraints by Value Modification.
On the Power of Algebras with Recursion.
Main-Memory Index Structures with Fixed-Size Partial Keys.
Versions and Workspaces in Microsoft Repository.
HyperStorM - Administering Structured Documents Using Object-Oriented Database Technology.
Epsilon Grid Order: An Algorithm for the Similarity Join on Massive High-Dimensional Data.
Computing Clusters of Correlation Connected Objects.
InfoSleuth: Semantic Integration of Information in Open and Dynamic Environments (Experience Paper).
The InfoSleuth Project.
MonetDB/XQuery: a fast XQuery processor powered by a relational engine.
Going public: open-source databases and database research.
The Cornell Jaguar System: Adding Mobility to PREDATOR.
Database System Performance Measurement.
Design Considerations for Data-flow Database Machines.
A Methodology for Database System Performance Evaluation.
Towards A Self-Adapting Centralized Concurrency Control Algorithm.
Modeling Class Hierarchies with Contradictions.
Loading Data into Description Reasoners.
CLASSIC: A Structural Data Model for Objects.
VGM: visual graph mining.
Liquid Data for WebLogic: Integrating Enterprise Data and Services.
The BEA AquaLogic data services platform (Demo).
Automatic Segmentation of Text into Structured Records.
DBCache: Middle-tier Database Caching for Highly Scalable e-Business Architectures.
High Performance SQL Through Low-Level System Integration.
Data Stream Management for Historical XML Data.
The Future of Web Services - I.
Database issues for the 21st century.
A TeXQuery-Based XML Full-Text Search Engine.
Safe data sharing and data dissemination on smart devices.
World Wide Database - Integrating the Web, CORBA, and Databases.
MYSTIQ: a system for finding more answers by using probabilities.
Optimization of Query Streams Using Semantic Prefetching.
Distance-Based Indexing for High-Dimensional Metric Spaces.
XQBE: a visual environment for learning XML query languages.
Declarative Specification of Web Applications exploiting Web Services and Workflows.
Model-driven design of service-enabled web applications.
Index Support for Rule Activation.
Cost-Sensitive Reordering of Navigational Primitives.
Tutorial: Designing an Ultra Highly Available DBMS.
Database Patchwork on the Internet.
Update Propagation Protocols For Replicated Databases.
Multidatabase Update Issues.
Reliable Transaction Management in a Multidatabase System.
The COntext INterchange Mediator Prototype.
Integrating Replacement Policies in StorM: An Extensible Approach.
Data Bubbles: Quality Preserving Performance Boosting for Hierarchical Clustering.
LOF: Identifying Density-Based Local Outliers.
Delivering High Availability for Inktomi Search Engines.
Copy Detection Mechanisms for Digital Documents.
Beyond Market Baskets: Generalizing Association Rules to Correlations.
Dynamic Itemset Counting and Implication Rules for Market Basket Data.
Efficient Processing of Spatial Joins Using R-Trees.
Multi-Step Processing of Spatial Joins.
GENESYS: A System for Efficient Spatial Query Processing.
The LyriC Language: Querying Constraint Objects.
The CCUBE Constraint Object-Oriented Database System.
Implementing the Spirit of SQL-99.
Goal-Oriented Buffer Management Revisited.
The Cedar DBMS: A Preliminary Report.
Exploiting statistics on query expressions for optimization.
Conditional Selectivity for Statistics on Query Expressions.
Automatic Physical Database Tuning: A Relaxation-based Approach.
STHoles: A Multidimensional Workload-Aware Histogram.
Holistic twig joins: optimal XML pattern matching.
The MEDUSA Project: Autonomous Data Management in a Shared-Nothing Parallel Database Machine.
IAM: An Inferential Abstract Modeling Approach to Design of Conceptual Schema.
The REACH Active OODBMS.
InterBase: A Multidatabase Prototype System.
An InterBase System at BNR.
A compact B-tree.
Inheritance and Persistence in Database Programming Languages.
Provenance management in curated databases.
A Query Language and Optimization Techniques for Unstructured Data.
FQL - A Functional Query Language.
Archiving scientific data.
The Data That You Won't Find in Databases: Tutorial panel on data exchange formats.
Semantic Database Mapping in EUFID.
Semantic B2B Integration.
Software as a service: ASP and ASP aggregation.
Storage Reclamation in Object Oriented Database Systems.
OminiSearch: A Method for Searching Dynamic Content on the Web.
Data management in the CarTel mobile sensor computing system.
The Future of Web services - II.
The LOGRES prototype.
Integrating Object-Oriented Data Modeling with a Rule-Based Programming Paradigm.
MAIDS: Mining Alarming Incidents from Data Streams.
Personal information management with SEMEX.
VisTrails: visualization meets data management.
Automatic Discovery of Language Models for Text Databases.
Extendeing a Relational Database with Deferred Referential Integrity Checking and Intelligent Joins.
Service Oriented Database Architecture: APP server-lite?
Enabling Dynamic Content Caching for Database-Driven Web Sites.
A Nested Relational Approach to Processing SQL Subqueries.
On XML and Databases: Where's the Beef? (Panel Abstract).
XML in the Middle: XQuery in the WebLogic Platform.
Data delivery in a service-oriented world: the BEA aquaLogic data services platform.
An Abstract Model of Database Concurrency Control Algorithms.
Parallel Database Systems in the 1990's.
O-O, What's Happening to DB2?
Shoring Up Persistent Applications.
The oo7 Benchmark.
The BUCKY Object-Relational Benchmark (Experience Paper).
A Data Model and Query Language for EXODUS.
Data Caching Tradeoffs in Client-Server DBMS Architectures.
Fine-Grained Sharing in a Page Server OODBMS.
Tapes Hold Data, Too: Challenges of Tuples on Tertiary Store.
On Saying "Enough Already!" in SQL.
Load Balancing in a Locally Distributed Database System.
Parallelism and Concurrency Control Performance in Distributed Database Machines.
Object-Relational Database Systems: Principles, Products, and Challenges (Tutorial).
StorHouse Metanoia - New Applications for Database, Storage & Data Warehousing.
A Generalized Access Path Model and its Application to a Relational Data Base System.
Efficient Development of Data Migration Transformations.
Extending Ingres with Methods and Triggers.
Meta-Functions and Contexts in an Object-Oriented Database Language.
Models and Languages for Describing and Discovering E-Services.
Lazy XML Updates: Laziness as a Virtue of Update and Structural Join Efficiency.
The Prototype of the DARE System.
Query by Diagram: A Graphical Environment for Querying Databases.
An Entity-based Database User Interface.
ODMG-93: A Standard for Object-Oriented DBMSs.
Conceptual Document Browsing and Retrieval in Kabiria.
Distribution, Parallelism, and Availability in NonStop SQL.
The IDEA Web Lab.
The Algres Testbed of CHIMERA: An Active Object-Oriented Database System.
Horizontal Data Partitioning in Database Design.
Kaleidoscope: A Cooperative Menu-Guided Query Interface.
Hypertext Databases and Data Mining.
Automatic Categorization of Query Results.
Enhanced Hypertext Categorization Using Hyperlinks.
Ranking objects based on relationships.
Efficient Concurrency Control in Multidimensional Access Methods.
SENTINEL: An Object-Oriented DBMS With Event-Based Rules.
XQuery: A Query Language for XML.
Optimal Computation of Total Projections with Unions of Simple Chase Join Expressions.
Transactional Publish / Subscribe: The Proactive Multicast of Database Changes.
Overview of an Ada Compatible Distributed Database Manager.
Stratified Computation of Skylines with Partially-Ordered Domains.
The Implementation of an Integrated Concurrency Control and Recovery Scheme.
Bitmap Index Design and Evaluation.
An Efficient Bitmap Encoding Scheme for Selection Queries.
Finding k-dominant skylines in high dimensional space.
On the database/network interface in large-scale publish/subscribe systems.
Free Parallel Data Mining.
TelegraphCQ: Continuous Dataflow Processing.
Data Base Decomposition in a Hierarchical Computer System.
Simplifying Distributed Database Systems Design by Using a Broadcast Network.
The Onion Technique: Indexing for Linear Optimization Queries.
PBIR - Perception-Based Image Retrieval.
Accessing the web: from search to integration.
A Dynamic Clustering Technique for Physical Database Design.
Mind Your Vocabulary: Query Mapping Across Heterogeneous Information Sources.
Minimal probing: supporting expensive predicates for top-k queries.
Exploiting Inheritance and Structure Semantics for Effective Clustering and Buffering in an Object-Oriented DBMS.
Some Properties of Cartesian Product Files.
Query Optimization at the Crossroads (Panel).
Data Warehousing and OLAP for Decision Support (Tutorial).
A Robust, Optimization-Based Approach for Approximate Answering of Aggregate Queries.
Effective Use of Block-Level Sampling in Statistics Estimation.
Join Queries with External Text Sources: Execution and Optimization Techniques.
Optimizing Queries over Multimedia Repositories.
Data cleaning in microsoft SQL server 2005.
Robust and Efficient Fuzzy Match for Online Data Cleaning.
Compressing SQL workloads.
Factorizing Complex Predicates in Queries to Exploit Indexes.
On Relational Support for XML Publishing: Beyond Sorting and Tagging.
When Can We Trust Progress Estimators for SQL Queries?
Random Sampling for Histogram Construction: How much is enough?
On Random Sampling over Joins.
AutoAdmin 'What-if' Index Analysis Utility.
Microsoft Index Tuning Wizard for SQL Server 7.0.
Estimating Progress of Long Running SQL Queries.
Foundations of automated database tuning.
Meaningful Change Detection in Structured Data.
Change Detection in Hierarchically Structured Information.
A Rule-Based Object/Task Modelling Approach.
Internet Traffic Warehouse.
Fact: A Learning Based Web Query Processing System.
BLAS: An Efficient XPath Processing System.
An Implementation Model for Reasoning with Complex Objects.
Query Optimization In Compressed Database Systems.
Improving Index Performance through Prefetching.
Fractal prefetching B±Trees: optimizing both cache and disk performance.
Cost-Based Labeling of Groups of Mass Spectra.
NiagaraCQ: A Scalable Continuous Query System for Internet Databases.
Combining Relational and Network Retrieval Methods.
Nested Relation Based Database Knowledge Representation.
On Boosting Holism in XML Twig Pattern Matching using Structural Indexing Techniques.
Efficient Computation of Multiple Group By Queries.
Robust and Fast Similarity Search for Moving Object Trajectories.
Adaptive Selectivity Estimation Using Query Feedback.
XCache: a semantic caching system for XML queries.
Efficient query processing in geographic web search engines.
A Protein Patent Query System Powered By Kleisli.
DyDa: Data Warehouse Maintenance in Fully Concurrent Environments.
Effective Clustering of Complex Objects in Object-Oriented Databases.
Evaluating Probabilistic Queries over Imprecise Data.
Rule Languages and Internal Algebras for Rule-Based Optimizers.
Changing the Rules: Transformations for Rule-Based Optimizers.
Documentum ECI self-repairing wrappers: performance analysis.
DBNotes: a post-it system for relational databases based on provenance.
A Methodology for Interpreting Tree Queries Into Optimal Semi-Join Expressions.
Trait: An Attribute Management System for VLSI Design Objects.
LockX: A System for Efficiently Querying Secure XML.
Synchronizing a Database to Improve Freshness.
Meta-data indexing for XPath location steps.
Page Quality: In Search of an Unbiased Web Ranking.
Finding Replicated Web Collections.
Selectivity estimation for spatio-temporal queries to moving objects.
Relational Specifications of Infinite Query Answers.
Real Business Processing Meets the Web.
Prospector: A Content-Based Multimedia Server for Massively Parallel Architectures.
The Design and Implementation of Persistent Transactions in an Object Database System.
Integration of structured and unstructured data in IBM content manager.
Estimating Block Transfers and Join Sizes.
Issues in the Architecture of a Document Archiver using Optical Disk Technology.
Multimedia Database Management Systems (Panel).
Retrieval Performance Versus Disc Space Utilization on WORM Optical Discs.
Performance Analysis and Fundamental Performance Trade Offs for CLV Optical Disks.
From Structured Documents to Novel Query Facilities.
Evaluating Queries with Generalized Path Expressions.
On Wrapping Query Languages and Efficient XML Integration.
The Multimedia Object Presentation Manager of MINOS: A Symmetric Approach.
ACTA: A Framework for Specifying and Reasoning about Transaction Structure and Behavior.
Extracting Concurrency from Objects: A Methodology.
The Design and Implementation of CoBase.
Querying at Internet-Scale.
APEX: an adaptive path index for XML data.
A Procedure for the Determination of Attribute Access Probabilities.
Gangam - A Solution to Support Multiple Data Models, their Mappings and Maintenance.
On An Algebra For Historical Relational Databases: Two Views.
Java and Relational Databases: SQLJ (Tutorial).
A General Framework for the Optimization of Object-Oriented Queries.
Your Mediators Need Data Conversion!
Extending the Data Base Relational Model to Capture More Meaning (Abstract).
User-defined aggregate functions: bridging theory and practice.
Compiling Complex Database Transition Triggers.
Integration of Heterogeneous Databases Without Common Domains Using Queries Based on Textual Similarity.
Providing Database-like Access to the Web Using Queries Based on Textual Similarity.
Spatially-decaying aggregation over a network: model and algorithms.
Role of Interoperability in Business Application Development.
Spectral Bloom Filters.
A Recursive Algebra and Query Optimization for Nested Relations.
Algorithms for Deferred View Maintenance.
Supporting Multiple View Maintenance Policies.
Optimization of Dynamic Query Evaluation Plans.
The NAOS System.
Data Management Challenges in CRM.
Replicated Data in a Distributed Environment.
Mining Top-k Covering Rule Groups for Gene Expression Data.
FARMER: Finding Interesting Rule Groups in Microarray Datasets.
Goals and Benchmarks for Autonomic Configuration Recommenders.
The G+/GraphLog Visual Query System.
Hy+: A Hygraph-based Query and Visualization System.
Optimizing Queries on Files.
A Data Base Management System Design Philosophy.
A Dynamic Address Computation Mechanism for Use in Database Management.
Semi-automatic, Self-adaptive Control of Garbage Collection Rates in Object Databases.
Partition Selection Policies in Object Database Garbage Collection.
Analysis of Distributed Commit Protocols.
Data Placement In Bubba.
A Decomposition Storage Model.
A Comparison Of High-Availability Media Recovery Techniques.
Making Smalltalk a Database System.
Holistic Aggregates in a Networked World: Distributed Tracking of Approximate Quantiles.
Diamond in the Rough: Finding Hierarchical Heavy Hitters in Multi-Dimensional Data.
Closest Pair Queries in Spatial Databases.
Implementing XQuery.
Scientific Data Management: Real-World Issues and Requirements.
An Indexing Framework for Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Gigascope: high performance network monitoring with an SQL interface.
Gigascope: A Stream Database for Network Applications.
RoadRunner: automatic data extraction from data-intensive web sites.
Supporting Offics Document Architectures with Constrained Types.
Parallel SQL Execution in Oracle 10g.
DOODLE: A Visual Language for Object-Oriented Databases.
Delaunay: A Database Visualization System.
A User-Centered Interface for Querying Distributed Multimedia Databases.
A Graphical Query Language Supporting Recursion.
Contorting High Dimensional Data for Efficient Main Memory Processing.
IBM SOA "on the edge".
Practical Prefetching via Data Compression.
Fundamentals of Data Element Definition.
Answering Queries in Relational Databases.
A DBMS Prototype to Support Extended NF2 Relations: An Integrated View on Flat Tables and Hierarchies.
Numerical Database Management System: A Model.
Schema and Occurence Structure Transformations in Hierarchical Systems.
Main Schema-External Schema Interaction in Hierarchically Organized Data Bases.
PADS: an end-to-end system for processing ad hoc data.
An Online Video Placement Policy based on Bandwith to Space Ratio (BSR).
Performance Analysis of Coherency Control Policies through Lock Retention.
Performance Evaluation of Two Concurrency Control Mechanisms in a Distributed Database System.
Oracle's Symmetric Replication Technology and Implications for Application Design.
Distributed Logging for Transaction Processing.
DTL's DataSpot: Database Exploration as Easy as Browsing the Web ...
dbSwitch - Towards a Database Utility.
A Performance Study of Transitive Closure Algorithms.
Approximate Join Processing Over Data Streams.
Approximation Techniques for Spatial Data.
Ordering the attributes of query results.
Mining database structure; or, how to build a data quality browser.
An Architecture for High-Level Language Database Extensions.
Database Usability (Abstract).
Dynamic Content Acceleration: A Caching Solution to Enable Scalable Dynamic Web Page Generation.
Proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world wide web: an approach and implementation.
Parallel Index Building in Informix OnLine 6.0.
Dynamic Resource Brokering for Multi-User Query Execution.
A Layered Architecture for Querying Dynamic Web Content.
Query Optimization for CODASYL Database Systems.
Third Generation TP Monitors: A Database Challenge.
Organizing Long-Running Activities with Triggers and Transactions.
Review of Data Base Administrators Functions from a Survey.
Stacked indexed views in microsoft SQL server.
A Comprehensive XQuery to SQL Translation using Dynamic Interval Encoding.
Query Execution in DIRECT.
A Performance Analysis of the Gamma Database Machine.
Implementation Techniques for Main Memory Database Systems.
NUL: A Navigational User's Language for a Network Structured Data Base.
A Self-Controlling Interpreter for the Relational Production Language.
Compressing Historical Information in Sensor Networks.
Extended Wavelets for Multiple Measures.
Neptune: a Hypertext System for CAD Applications.
Analysis of the Context Dependency of CODASYL Find-Statements with Application to Database Program Conversion.
Approximately detecting duplicates for streaming data using stable bloom filters.
Predicate Result Range Caching for Continuous Queries.
Dissemination of Dynamic Data.
Design and Implementation of the Glue-Nail Database System.
A Concurrency Model for Transaction Management.
Independence is Good: Dependency-Based Histogram Synopses for High-Dimensional Data.
Adaptive query processing: why, how, when, what next.
MauveDB: supporting model-based user views in database systems.
Cache-and-Query for Wide Area Sensor Databases.
IrisNet: Internet-scale Resource-Intensive Sensor Services.
Caching Multidimensional Queries Using Chunks.
Objects and SQL: Strange Relations? Panel.
Storing Semistructured Data with STORED.
A Verifier for Interactive, Data-Driven Web Applications.
A system for specification and verification of interactive, data-driven web applications.
Distribution-Dependent Hashing Functions and Their Characteristics.
Predictive Dynamic Load Balancing of Parallel and Distributed Rule and Query Processing.
Data Management Facilities of an Operating System Kernel.
DEC Data Distributor: for Data Replication and Data Warehousing.
Service-Oriented BI: Towards tight integration of business intelligence into operational applications.
OMCAT: optimal maintenance of continuous queries' answers for trajectories.
An Implementation of a Query Language Supporting Path Expressions.
The Need for Distributed Asynchronous Transactions.
Reconciling Schemas of Disparate Data Sources: A Machine-Learning Approach.
Managing information extraction: state of the art and research directions.
Processing complex aggregate queries over data streams.
METU Object-Oriented DBMS.
METU Interoperable Database System.
A Generalized DBMS Implementation on a Database Machine.
An ebXML infrastructure implementation through UDDI registries and RosettaNet PIPs.
Database Systems Management and Oracle8.
Structures for Manipulating Proposed Updates in Object-Oriented Databases.
Data integration through transform reuse in the Morpheus project.
On Distributed Processibility of Datalog Queries by Decomposing Databases.
Applying Approximate Order Dependency to Reduce Indexing Space.
Reference Reconciliation in Complex Information Spaces.
Database Performance in the Real World - TPC-D and SAP R/3 (Experience Paper).
Access to Data in NASA's Earth Observing System.
The Nimble Integration Engine.
Vishnu: An Object-Oriented Database Management System Supporting Rapid Prototyping.
Using the CALANDA Time Series Management System.
A Crop Condition Assessment Database.
Reducing Multidatabase Query Response Time by Tree Balancing.
Proactive identification of performance problems.
Petabyte Databases.
Temporal Coalescing with Now, Granularity, and Incomplete Information.
On Beyond Data.
Managing Large Systems with DB2 UDB.
Research and Products: Are They Relevant To Each Other? (Panel).
What's Special about Spatial? Database Requirements for Vehicle Navigation in Geographic Space (Extended Abstract).
Acquisition of Terminological Knowledge Using Database Design Techniques.
Data Model Integration Using the Structural Model.
Concurrency Control in Groupware Systems.
Keynote Address.
Record-Boundary Discovery in Web Documents.
Joining Interval Data in Relational Databases.
NonStop SQL: Scalability and Availability for Decision Support.
Keynote Address.
Distributed Query Processing in a Relational Data Base System.
Catching the Boat with Strudel: Experiences with a Web-Site Management System.
Yoo-Hoo! Building a Presence Service with XQuery and WSDL.
An Authorization Model for a Shared Data Base.
The Ins and Outs (and Everthing in Between) of Data Warehousing.
Filtering Algorithms and Implementation for Very Fast Publish/Subscribe.
Common Subexpression Analysis in Database Applications.
Finding Candidate Keys for Relational Data Bases.
Nested Relations: A Step Forward - or Backward?
Normal Forms and Relational Database Operators.
AGILE: Adaptive Indexing for Context-Aware Information Filters.
Efficient similarity search and classification via rank aggregation.
Overview of the Jasmin Database Machine.
Indexing and Mining Streams.
Relational data mapping in MIQIS.
Signature files: Design and Performance Comparison of Some Signature Extraction Methods.
The IMPRESS DDT: A Database Design Toolbox Based on a Formal Specification Language.
Multiattribute Hashing Using Gray Codes.
XL: a platform for web services.
Indexing Multimedia Databases (Tutorial).
Programming for XML.
FastMap: A Fast Algorithm for Indexing, Data-Mining and Visualization of Traditional and Multimedia Datasets.
Query Optimization in the Presence of Limited Access Patterns.
Fast Subsequence Matching in Time-Series Databases.
Lessons from a "Living In a Database" Graphical Query Interface.
Analysis of Object Oriented Spatial Access Methods.
STRUDEL: A Web-site Management System.
Spatial Join Selectivity Using Power Laws.
Open OODB: A Modular Object-Oriented DBMS.
Secure XML Querying with Security Views.
A Data Model and Data Structures for Moving Objects Databases.
Performance Tradeoffs for Client-Server Query Processing.
Database Evaluation Using Multiple Regression Techniques.
The SPIFFI Scalable Video-on-Demand System.
Query Unnesting in Object-Oriented Databases.
Rethinking the Conference Reviewing Process - Panel.
Towards an Effective Calculus for Object Query Languages.
"Data In Your Face": Push Technology in Perspective.
lambda-DB: An ODMG-Based Object-Oriented DBMS.
Crash Recovery in Client-Server EXODUS.
Principles of an Icons-Based Command Language.
Red Brick Warehouse: A Read-Mostly RDBMS for Open SMP Platforms.
Share your data, Keep your secrets.
Efficient Evaluation of XML Middle-ware Queries.
The BANG File: A New Kind of Grid File.
A General Solution of the n-dimensional B-tree Problem.
StatiX: making XML count.
``One Size Fits All'' Database Architectures Do Not Work for DDS.
A Rule-Based View of Query Optimization.
Rule-Based Translation of Relational Queries into Iterative Programs.
Meta-data version and configuration management in multi-vendor environments.
Database Services in the German Bildschirmtext System (Btx).
Towards the Support of Integrated Views of Multiple Databases: An Aggregate Schema Facility.
Data Mining Using Two-Dimensional Optimized Accociation Rules: Scheme, Algorithms, and Visualization.
SONAR: System for Optimized Numeric AssociationRules.
GPUTeraSort: high performance graphics co-processor sorting for large database management.
COUGAR: the network is the database.
Fast Computation of Database Operations using Graphics Processors.
An Algebra of Quotient Relations.
Fast and Approximate Stream Mining of Quantiles and Frequencies Using Graphics Processors.
GREO: A Commercial Database Processor Based on A Pipelined Hardware Sorter.
Is GUI Programming a Database Research Problem?
Algorithm and Performance Evaluation of Adaptive Multidimensional Clustering Technique.
Picture Programming Project.
ConQuer: Efficient Management of Inconsistent Databases.
Encapsulation of Parallelism in the Volcano Query Processing System.
A Generalized Model for a Relational Temporal Database.
The EXODUS Optimizer Generator.
AJAX: An Extensible Data Cleaning Tool
WSQ/DSQ: A Practical Approach for Combined Querying of Databases and the Web.
Spatial Joins Using Seeded Trees.
Outerjoins as Disjunctions.
ISIS: Interface for a Semantic Information System.
Spatial Hash-Joins.
Orthogonal Optimization of Subqueries and Aggregation.
Indexing Spatio-Temporal Trajectories with Chebyshev Polynomials.
Query Processing for SQL Updates.
Dynamic Query Evaluation Plans.
A high-performance, transactional filestore for application servers.
Transaction support for indexed views.
Bifocal Sampling for Skew-Resistant Join Size Estimation.
STARTS: Stanford Proposal for Internet Meta-Searching (Experience Paper).
Processing Set Expressions over Continuous Update Streams.
The Effectiveness of GlOSS for the Text Database Discovery Problem.
Query Optimization for Parallel Execution.
The Next Database Revolution.
A Framework for the Parallel Processing of Datalog Queries.
Practical Problems in Data Management - A Position Paper.
Optimization of Nested SQL Queries Revisited.
Efficient Prolog Access to CODASYL and FDM Databases.
Continually evaluating similarity-based pattern queries on a streaming time series.
Optimizing Queries Using Materialized Views: A practical, scalable solution.
Replica Control in Distributed Systems: An Asynchronous Approach.
Sagas.
Operating System Support for Data Management Systems.
Evaluation of Database Recursive Logic Programs as Recurrent Function Series.
Database Performance Metrics.
OFL: A Functional Execution Model for Object Query Languages.
Database and Transaction Processing Benchmarks.
Web-CAM: Monitoring the dynamic Web to respond to Continual Queries.
XML and relational database management systems: inside Microsoft SQL Server 2005.
Wavelet synopses with error guarantees.
Set-Oriented Constructs: From Rete Rule Bases to Database Systems.
Database Machines.
Querying and mining data streams: you only get one look a tutorial.
Sybase Replication Server.
XTRACT: A System for Extracting Document Type Descriptors from XML Documents.
A Methodology of Application Program Analysis and Conversion Based on Database Semantics.
Multi-dimensional Resource Scheduling for Parallel Queries.
Computing Joins of Relations.
Query Optimization for Selections Using Bitmaps.
Of Crawlers, Portals, Mice and Men: Is there more to Mining the Web? (Panel).
Parallel Database Systems 101.
Transaction Management in an Object-Oriented Database System (Invited Paper).
The Dangers of Replication and a Solution.
The SAMOS Active DBMS Prototype.
The 5 Minute Rule for Trading Memory for Disk Accesses and The 10 Byte Rule for Trading Memory for CPU Time.
Quickly Generating Billion-Record Synthetic Databases.
Using the oracle database as a declarative RSS hub.
The Lowell Report.
A Toolkit for Negotiation Support Interfaces to Multi-Dimensional Data.
Quality-aware dstributed data delivery for continuous query services.
Space-Efficient Online Computation of Quantile Summaries.
Event Specification in an Active Object-Oriented Database.
Daytona And The Fourth-Generation Language Cymbal.
BOAT-Optimistic Decision Tree Construction.
Nonprocedural Query Processing for Databases with Access Paths.
On Computing Correlated Aggregates Over Continual Data Streams.
A Framework for Implementing Hypothetical Queries.
A Message Passing Framework for Logical Query Evaluation.
Incremental Maintenance of Views with Duplicates.
GOOD: AGraph-Oriented Object Database System.
Integration of Electronic Tickets and Personal Guide System for Public Transport using Mobile Terminals.
A Multi-Group Technique for Data Compression.
Infomaster: An Information Integration System.
An Authorization Mechanism for a Relational Data Base System (Abstract).
Secure Transaction Processing in Firm Real-Time Database Systems.
PTool: A Light Weight Persistent Object Manager.
Informix Online XPS.
Ptool: A Scalable Persistent Object Manager.
Automatic client-server partitioning of data-driven web applications.
A Benchmark of NonStop SQL on the Debit Credit Transaction (Invited Paper).
A Preliminary System for the Design of DBTG Data Structures (Abstract).
Query evaluation using overlapping views: completeness and efficiency.
Efficient Keyword Search for Smallest LCAs in XML Databases.
PRIMA - A Database System Supporting Dynamically Defined Composite Objects.
MMDB Reload Algorithms.
Selectivity Estimation using Probabilistic Models.
The DEDALE System for Complex Spatial Queries.
DIRECTV and Oracle Rdb: The Challenges of VLDB Transaction Processing.
The INFOMIX system for advanced integration of incomplete and inconsistent data.
A Performance Analysis of Alternative Multi-Attribute Declustering Strategies.
Accelerating XPath location steps.
New Sampling-Based Summary Statistics for Improving Approximate Query Answers.
Query Sampling in DB2 Universal Database.
Data Modeling of Time-Based Media.
Experiments with B-Tree Reorganization.
Storage Technology: RAID and Beyond.
Secure, Reliable, Transacted; Innovation in Web Services Architecture.
A Study on the Protection of Statistical Data Bases.
A Goal-driven Auto-Configuration Tool for the Distributed Workflow Management System Mentor-lite.
Approximate XML joins.
Workflow management with service quality guarantees.
CURE: An Efficient Clustering Algorithm for Large Databases.
Languages for Multi-database Interoperability.
Time Series Similarity Measures and Time Series Indexing.
Efficient and Tunable Similar Set Retrieval.
Approximating Multi-Dimensional Aggregate Range Queries over Real Attributes.
Data Base Recovery at CMIC.
New Directions For Uncertainty Reasoning In Deductive Databases.
Relaxed Currency and Consistency: How to Say "Good Enough" in SQL.
Exploiting Constraint-Like Data Characterizations in Query Optimization.
Support for Relaxed Currency and Consistency Constraints in MTCache.
Secure and Portable Database Extensibility.
XRANK: Ranked Keyword Search over XML Documents.
SQL Query Optimization: Reordering for a General Class of Queries.
Revisiting Commit Processing in Distributed Database Systems.
Update-Pattern-Aware Modeling and Processing of Continuous Queries.
BIRN-M: A Semantic Mediator for Solving Real-World Neuroscience Problems.
Data with a Point of View.
Adapting Materialized Views after Redefinitions.
Things Every Update Replication Customer Should Know.
Optimal Semijoin Schedules For Query Processing in Local Distributed Database Systems.
On the Design of a Query Processing Strategy in a Distributed Database Environment.
Maintaining Views Incrementally.
Stream Processing of XPath Queries with Predicates.
Data Densification in a Relational Database System.
Local Verification of Global Integrity Constraints in Distributed Databases.
Second-Order Signature: A Tool for Specifying Data Models, Query Processing, and Optimization.
PHP: supporting the new paradigm of situational and composite web applications.
R-Trees: A Dynamic Index Structure for Spatial Searching.
The Powerset Algebra as a Result of Adding Programming Constructs to the Nested Relational Algebra.
A Grammar-Based Approach Towards Unifying Hierarchical Data Models (Extended Abstract).
A Graph-Oriented Object Model for Database End-User Interfaces.
Extensible Query Processing in Starburst.
Online Query Processing.
Ripple Joins for Online Aggregation.
Clio grows up: from research prototype to industrial tool.
A Bi-Level Bernoulli Scheme for Database Sampling.
Automated statistics collection in action.
Sequential Sampling Procedures for Query Size Estimation.
Executing SQL over encrypted data in the database-service-provider model.
The Impact of Software Engineering Environments on the Design of Data Management Systems.
Enterprise information integration: successes, challenges and controversies.
Requirements and Policy Challenges in Highly Secure Environments.
Relational Algebras, Logic, and Functional Programming.
DIAL: A Programming Language for Data Intensive Applications.
Index Selection in a Self-Adaptive Data Base Management System.
Information Translation, Mediation, and Mosaic-Based Browsing in the TSIMMIS System.
Template-Based Wrappers in the TSIMMIS System.
The Semantic Data Model: A Modelling Mechanism for Data Base Applications.
A Heuristic Approach to Attribute Partitioning.
Efficient Monitoring of Database Assertions (Abstract).
Merge Replication in Microsoft's SQL Server 7.0.
DBLearn: A System Prototype for Knowledge Discovery in Relational Databases.
DBMiner: Interactive Mining of Multiple-Level Knowledge in Relational Databases.
Handling Redundancy in the Processing of Recursive Database Queries.
Scalable Parallel Data Mining for Association Rules.
GeoMiner: A System Prototype for Spatial Data Mining.
Efficient Computation of Iceberg Cubes with Complex Measures.
DNA-Miner: A System Prototype for Mining DNA Sequences.
Mining Frequent Patterns without Candidate Generation.
CubeExplorer: online exploration of data cubes.
VizQL: a language for query, analysis and visualization.
An Extended Memoryless Inference Control Method: Accounting for Dependence in Table-level Controls.
A Performance Analysis of View Materialization Strategies.
Processing Queries Against Database Procedures: A Performance Analysis.
Rule Condition Testing and Action Execution in Ariel.
A Predicate Matching Algorithm for Database Rule Systems.
Rule Base Management Using Meta Knowledge.
Concepts for Transaction Recovery in Nested Transactions.
Why Rose is Fast: Five Optimizations in the Design of an Experimental Database System for CAD/CAM Applications.
Implementing Data Cubes Efficiently.
QPipe: A Simultaneously Pipelined Relational Query Engine.
A High Performance Multiversion Concurrency Control Protocol of Object Databases.
Papyrus GIS Demonstration.
On Extending the Functions of a Relational Database System.
Information intelligence: metadata for information discovery, access, and integration.
The Effect of Target Applications on the Design of Database Machines.
Performance Analysis of a Relational Data Base Management System.
A DBMS for Large Design Automation Databases.
Knocking the Door to the Deep Web: Integration of Web Query Interfaces.
MetaQuerier: querying structured web sources on-the-fly.
Index Research: Forest or Trees? (Panel Abstract).
Practical Predicate Placement.
Eddies: Continuously Adaptive Query Processing
Online Aggregation.
Query Execution Techniques for Caching Expensive Methods.
Predicate Migration: Optimizing Queries with Expensive Predicates.
Data streams: fresh current or stagnant backwater? (panel).
The Datacycle Architecture for Very High Throughput Database Systems.
A Characterization of Constant-time-mainteinability for BCNF Database Schemes.
Clio: A Semi-Automatic Tool For Schema Mapping.
The Merge/Purge Problem for Large Databases.
Online Association Rule Mining.
Random I/O Scheduling in Online Tertiary Storage Systems.
Clustering Methods for Large Databases: From the Past to the Future.
HD-Eye: visual clustering of high dimensional data.
Incremental Distance Join Algorithms for Spatial Databases.
Range Queries in OLAP Data Cubes.
A Qualitative Comparison Study of Data Structures for Large Line Segment Databases.
An Active Mail System.
A New Characterization of Independence.
Exploiting Inter-Operation Parallelism in XPRS.
Real-Time Transaction Scheduling: A Cost Conscious Approach.
Enterprise Transaction Processing on Windows NT.
Error-Constraint COUNT Query Evaluation in Relational Databases.
Processing Aggregate Relational Queries with Hard Time Constraints.
Comparing Rebuild Algorithms for Mirrored and RAID5 Disk Arrays.
Enhancing Database Correctness: a Statistical Approach.
PREFER: A System for the Efficient Execution of Multi-parametric Ranked Queries.
On Parallel Execution of Multiple Pipelined Hash Joins.
DLFM: A Transactional Resource Manager.
Data management projects at Google.
Integrity Checking for Multiple Updates.
Image Mining in IRIS: Integrated Retinal Information System.
A Generic Framework for Monitoring Continuous Spatial Queries over Moving Objects.
Deriving Private Information from Randomized Data.
ITQS: An Integrated Transport Query System.
Data Replication for Mobile Computers.
Object-Oriented Database Support for Software Environments.
Tools for Design of Composite Web Services.
On Accessing Object-Oriented Databases: Expressive Power, Complexity, and Restrictions (Extended Abstract).
A Framework for Supporting Data Integration Using the Materialized and Virtual Approaches.
TOSS: An Extension of TAX with Ontologies and Similarity Queries.
CapBasED-AMS: A Capability-based and Event-driven Activity Management System.
The Complexity of Testing Predicate Locks.
Twin Grid Files: Space Optimizing Access Schemes.
ObjectRank: a system for authority-based search on databases.
The MYRIAD Federated Database Prototype.
A framework for processing complex document-centric XML with overlapping structures.
P2P-DIET: An Extensible P2P Service that Unifies Ad-hoc and Continuous Querying in Super-Peer Networks.
CORDS: Automatic Discovery of Correlations and Soft Functional Dependencies.
Estimating Compilation Time of a Query Optimizer.
Rank-aware Query Optimization.
Query Processing in Deductive Databases with Incomplete Information.
A Systematic Approach to Relational Database Theory.
A Technique for Translating States Between Database Schemata.
Incomplete Information and Dependencies in Relational Databases.
Incomplete Objects - A Data Model for Design and Planning Applications.
DataMine - Interactive Rule Discovery System.
Energy Efficient Indexing on Air.
Thoughts on Database Research: A User Perspective.
Query Optimization by Simulated Annealing.
On the Propagation of Errors in the Size of Join Results.
Randomized Algorithms for Optimizing Large Join Queries.
Left-Deep vs. Bushy Trees: An Analysis of Strategy Spaces and its Implications for Query Optimization.
Data Modeling in DeLAB.
Incomplete Path Expressions and their Disambiguation.
ZOO: A Desktop Emperiment Management Environment.
Balancing Histogram Optimality and Practicality for Query Result Size Estimation.
Conflict Resolution of Rules Assigning Values to Virtual Attributes.
To search or to crawl?: towards a query optimizer for text-centric tasks.
When one Sample is not Enough: Improving Text Database Selection Using Shrinkage.
Probe, Count, and Classify: Categorizing Hidden Web Databases.
Queuing Network Models for Concurrent Transaction Processing in a Database System.
Evaluation of Signature Files as Set Access Facilities in OODBs.
An Adaptive Query Execution System for Data Integration.
Adapting to Source Properties in Processing Data Integration Queries.
Self-Organizing Data Sharing Communities with SAGRES.
High Availability of Commercial Applications.
On Parallel Processing of Aggregate and Scalar Functions in Object-Relational DBMS.
Incorporating Hierarchy in a Relational Model of Data.
Linear Clustering of Objects with Multiple Atributes.
A Retrieval Technique for Similar Shapes.
Issues in Multimedia Datbases (Panel).
Databases for Networks.
A Study of Transitive Closure As a Recursion Mechanism.
Global Optimization of Histograms.
On Effective Multi-Dimensional Indexing for Strings.
Querying Network Directories.
Snakes and Sandwiches: Optimal Clustering Strategies for a Data Warehouse.
ProDA: a suite of web-services for progressive data analysis.
Colorful XML: One Hierarchy Isn't Enough.
Speeding up search in peer-to-peer networks with a multi-way tree structure.
SIM: A Database System Based on the Semantic Data Model.
Data Grid Management Systems.
SHIFT-SPLIT: I/O Efficient Maintenance of Wavelet-Transformed Multidimensional Data.
Design, implementation, and evaluation of the linear road bnchmark on the stream processing core.
Adaptive Stream Resource Management Using Kalman Filters.
Dynamic Voting.
Towards a Multilevel Secure Relational Data Model.
A Unified Framework for Enforcing Multiple Access Control Policies.
Belief Reasoning in MLS Deductive Databases.
An Optimizing Prolog Front-End to a Relational Query System.
Range Nesting: A Fast Method to Evaluate Quantified Queries.
Improving OLTP Data Quality Using Data Warehouse Mechanisms.
Concept Based Design of Data Warehouses: The DWQ Demonstrators.
Managing Knowledge about Information System Evolution.
Query Processing Strategies in the PASCAL/R Relational Database Management System.
A Disk-Based Join With Probabilistic Guarantees.
Online Maintenance of Very Large Random Samples.
Anatomy of a Real E-Commerce System.
Analysis of Recovery in a Database System Using a Write-Ahead Log Protocol.
Efficient Processing of Twig Queries with OR-Predicates.
Concurrency Control and Recovery of Multidatabase Work Flows in Telecommunication Applications.
Modelling Summary Data.
Holistic UDAFs at streaming speeds.
Data Quality and Data Cleaning: An Overview.
USD - A Database Management System for Scientific Research.
Lazy Updates for Distributed Search Structure.
Sampling Algorithms in a Stream Operator.
Identity resolution: 23 years of practical experience and observations at scale.
The ECRC Multi Database System.
Interaction of Query Evaluation and Buffer Management for Information Retrieval.
Precision Locks.
Mining Needle in a Haystack: Classifying Rare Classes via Two-phase Rule Induction.
Garlic: a new flavor of federated query processing for DB2.
Efficient Mid-Query Re-Optimization of Sub-Optimal Query Execution Plans.
Redundancy and information leakage in fine-grained access control.
LCE: An Object-Oriented Database Application Development Tool.
Realizing a Temporal Complex-Object Data Model.
A Method for Describing Information Required by the Database Design Process.
An adaptive peer-to-peer network for distributed caching of OLAP results.
Proxy-Server Architectures for OLAP.
Query Processing Utilizing Dependencies and Horizontal Decomposition.
Query Processing for Distributed Databases Using Generalized Semi-Joins.
Parallel R-trees.
A Model of Data Distribution Based on Texture Analysis.
Avatar semantic search: a database approach to information retrieval.
On Schema Matching with Opaque Column Names and Data Values.
Dimensionality Reduction for Similarity Searching in Dynamic Databases.
Quadtree and R-tree indexes in oracle spatial: a comparison using GIS data.
Indexing Medium-dimensionality Data in Oracle.
ACDN: a content delivery network for applications.
High Performance and Availability Through Data Distribution.
The SR-tree: An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Nearest Neighbor Queries.
Version Modeling Concepts for Computer-Aided Design Databases.
An Access Path Model for Physical Database Design.
Covering indexes for branching path queries.
On the Integration of Structure Indexes and Inverted Lists.
Modified Dynamic Hashing.
Deadlock Removal Using Partial Rollback in Database Systems.
Performance Evaluation of Ephemeral Logging.
Databases and Visualization.
Efficient Geometry-based Similarity Search of 3D Spatial Databases.
VisDB: A System for Visualizing Large Databases.
Efficient Assembly of Complex Objects.
Persistence Software: Bridging Object-Oriented Programming and Relational Databases.
On Complementary and Independent Mappings on Databases.
Mapping Data in Peer-to-Peer Systems: Semantics and Algorithmic Issues.
Function Materialization in Object Bases.
SAP R/3: A Database Application System (Tutorial).
An Object-Oriented Database System for Engineering Applications.
Access Support in Object Bases.
Optimizing Disjunctive Queries with Expensive Predicates.
Microsoft.com: A High-Scale Data Management and Transaction Processing Solution.
An Overview of the Versioning Problem.
The Iris Database System.
Locally Adaptive Dimensionality Reduction for Indexing Large Time Series Databases.
Communication-efficient distributed monitoring of thresholded counts.
Expert Database Systems (Workshop Rewiew).
FlowBack: Providing Backward Recovery for Workflow Systems.
Making Deductive Databases a Practical Technology: A Step Forward.
COSIMA - Your Smart, Speaking E-Salesperson.
Injecting utility into anonymized datasets.
Querying Object-Oriented Databases.
F-Logic: A Higher-Order language for Reasoning about Objects, Inheritance, and Scheme.
Composite Objects Revisted.
Qcluster: Relevance Feedback Using Adaptive Clustering for Content-Based Image Retrieval.
Optimizing Multidimensional Index Trees for Main Memory Access.
Optimal File Distribution For Partial Match Retrieval.
Bayan: An Arabic Text Database Management System.
Database support for matching: limitations and opportunities.
A Transaction Model Supporting Complex Applications in Integrated Information Systems.
Derby/S: a DBMS for sample-based query answering.
Open DECdtm: Constraint Based Transaction Management.
Enterprise Objects Framework, A Second Generation Object-Relational Enabler.
Access Paths in the 'ABE' Statistical Query Facility.
Concurrency Control in Multilevel-Secure Databases Based on Replicated Architecture.
EMC Information Sharing: Direct Access to MVS Data from Unix and NT.
An Experimental Comparison of Locking Policies in a Testbed Database System.
Atomic Garbage Collection: Managing a Stable Heap.
Atomic Incremental Garbage Collection and Recovery for a Large Stable Heap.
Segment Indexes: Dynamic Indexing Techniques for Multi-Dimensional Interval Data.
Efficiently Supporting Ad Hoc Queries in Large Datasets of Time Sequences.
Influence Sets Based on Reverse Nearest Neighbor Queries.
Modeling skew in data streams.
IPSOFACTO: A Visual Correlation Tool for Aggregate Network Traffic Data.
Concurrency and Recovery in Generalized Search Trees.
amdb: An Access Method Debugging Tool.
Formal Model of Correctness Without Serializability.
SoundCompass: A Practical Query-by-Humming System.
An Alternative Storage Organization for ROLAP Aggregate Views Based on Cubetrees.
DynaMat: A Dynamic View Management System for Data Warehouses.
SPIDER: flexible matching in databases.
Using SPIDER: an experience report.
Panel: Querying Networked Databases.
Size Separation Spatial Join.
Record linkage: similarity measures and algorithms.
Constrained Optimalities in Query Personalization.
The Document Concept in a Data Base.
Databases on the Web: Technologies for Federation Architectures and Case Studies (Tutorial).
PIPES - A Public Infrastructure for Processing and Exploring Streams.
Performance Comparison of Index Structures for Multi-Key Retrieval.
Using Sets of Feature Vectors for Similarity Search on Voxelized CAD Objects.
Spatial Data Management for Computer Aided Design.
Integrated Storage And Manipulation Of Data And Text Based On A Relational Database.
Oracle XML DB Repository.
Bringing Object-Relational Technology to Mainstream.
Language Features for Interoperability of Databases with Schematic Discrepancies.
A Framework for Testing Safety and Effective Computability of Extended Datalog (Extended Abstract).
On-the-fly sharing for streamed aggregation.
Estimating Alphanumeric Selectivity in the Presence of Wildcards.
Distributing a Search Tree Among a Growing Number of Processors.
Designing Globally Consistent Network Schemas.
A Language Based Multidatabase System.
Object-Oriented Extensions in SQL3: A Status Report.
Semantics Based Transaction Management Techniques for Replicated Data.
LexEQUAL: Multilexical Matching Operator in SQL.
On Verification of Database Temporal Constraints.
Systolic (VLSI) Arrays for Relational Database Operations.
An Optimality Theory of Concurrency Control for Databases.
Pasta-3: A Graphical Direct Manipulation Interface for Knowledge Base Management Systems.
On the Expressive Power of the Logical Data Model (Preliminary Report).
NAUDA - A Cooperative, Natural Language Interface to Relational Databases.
On Totally Ordering Checkpoints in Distributed Data Bases.
On B-Trees: Routing Schemes and Concurrency.
Efficient Resumption of Interrupted Warehouse Loads.
Shrinking the Warehouse Update Window.
The WHIPS Prototype for Data Warehouse Creation and Maintenance.
WebView Materialization.
User-oriented smart-cache for the Web: What You Seek is What You Get!
Extending Logic Programming.
Fast-Start: Quick Fault Recovery in Oracle.
50,000 Users on an Oracle8 Universal Server Database.
On-line Reorganization in Object Databases.
Optimization of Constrained Frequent Set Queries with 2-variable Constraints.
To Do or Not To Do: The Dilemma of Disclosing Anonymized Data.
QC-Trees: An Efficient Summary Structure for Semantic OLAP.
SOCQET: Semantic OLAP with Compressed Cube and Summarization.
RETINA: A REal-time TraffIc NAvigation System.
An Approximation Algorithm for a File-Allocation Problem in a Hierarchical Distributed System.
Modeling High-Dimensional Index Structures using Sampling.
Fully Persistent B+-trees.
Optimization of Object-Oriented Recursive Queries using Cost-Controlled Strategies.
A Starburst is Born.
XML Data Management Go Native or Spruce up Relational Systems? (Panel Abstract).
A File Structure Supporting Traversal Recursion.
Transparent Mid-Tier Database Caching in SQL Server.
Memory Management During Run Generation in External Sorting.
External Perfect Hashing.
Olympic Records for Data at the 1998 Nagano Games.
Partition Semantics for Incomplete Information in Relational Databases.
Oracle Media Server: Providing Consumer Based Interactive Access to Multimedia Data.
Functional Dependencies on Cyclic Database Schemes.
Progressive Approximate Aggregate Queries with a Multi-Resolution Tree Structure.
Incognito: Efficient Full-Domain K-Anonymity.
O2, an Object-Oriented Data Model.
iMAP: Discovering Complex Mappings between Database Schemas.
Extended Semantics for Generalization Hierarchies.
Multi-dimensional Selectivity Estimation Using Compressed Histogram Information.
Towards Self-Tuning Data Placement in Parallel Database Systems.
CS cache engine: data access accelerator for location-based service in mobile environments.
STRG-Index: Spatio-Temporal Region Graph Indexing for Large Video Databases.
Dynamic Buffer Allocation in Video-on-Demand Systems.
DBSim: A Simulation Tool for Predicting Database Performance.
Query Processing in Main Memory Database Management Systems.
A Recovery Algorithm for A High-Performance Memory-Resident Database System.
Maintenance of Automatic Summary Tables.
Computers versus Common Sense.
On Optimal Processor Allocation to Support Pipelined Hash Joins.
Using the Structure of Web Sites for Automatic Segmentation of Tables.
User Performance Considerations in DBMS Selection.
Fast Algorithms for Time Series with applications to Finance, Physics, Music, Biology, and other Suspects.
Grammar-like Functional Rules for Representing Query Optimization Alternatives.
A Polynomial Time Algorithm for Testing Implications of a Join Dependency and Embodied Functional Dependencies.
DEVise: Integrated Querying and Visualization of Large Datasets.
A Modeling Study of the TPC-C Benchmark.
Starburst II: The Extender Strikes Back!
Optimal Policy for Batch Operations: Backup, Checkpointing, Reorganization, and Updating (Abstract).
Introduction to the DIAM Theory of Algebraic Access Graph.
Remotely-Sensed Geophysical Databases: Experience and Implications for Generalized DBMS.
Order-of-Magnitude Advantage of TPC-C Though Massive Parallelism.
High Speed On-line Backup When Using Logical Log Operations.
An Optimistic Commit Protocol for Distributed Transaction Management.
A Practical Deadlock Avoidance Algorithm for Data Base Systems.
SPIRE: A Progressive Content-Based Spatial Image Retrieval Engine.
Multi-Table Search for B-Tree Files.
Composing XSL Transformations with XML Publishing Views.
A High Performance, Universal, Key Associative Access Method.
SEMCOG: An Object-based Image Retrieval System and Its Visual Query Interface.
MLR: A Recovery Method for Multi-level Systems.
Supporting ad-hoc ranking aggregates.
Immortal DB: transaction time support for SQL server.
RankSQL: Query Algebra and Optimization for Relational Top-k Queries.
Access Methods for Multiversion Data.
Skew handling techniques in sort-merge join.
The Performance of a Multiversion Access Method.
Dynamic authenticated index structures for outsourced databases.
Access Method Concurrency with Recovery.
Semantics and Evaluation Techniques for Window Aggregates in Data Streams.
A Theory of Redo Recovery.
DADA: a data cube for dominant relationship analysis.
Logical Logging to Extend Recovery to New Domains.
Algorithms for Loading Parallel Grid Files.
DEVise: Integrated Querying and Visual Exploration of Large Datasets (Demo Abstract).
PowerBookmarks: A System for Personalizable Web Information Organization, Sharing, and Management.
Recovery from "bad" user transactions.
NaLIX: an interactive natural language interface for querying XML.
Efficient and Transparent Application Recovery in Client-Server Information Systems.
Capability Based Mediation in TSIMMIS.
ERQ: Controlled Inference and Instruction Techniques for DBMS Query Languages.
A Query Language for Multidimensional Arrays: Design, Implementation, and Optimization Techniques.
Declarative networking: language, execution and optimization.
XMILL: An Efficient Compressor for XML Data.
The 78 CODASYL Database Model: A Comparison with Preceding Specifications.
Consistency, Concurrency and Crash Recovery.
A Transformation-Based Approach to Optimizing Loops in Database Programming Languages.
LLO: An Object-Oriented Deductive Language with Methods and Method Inheritance.
Continuous query processing in data streams using duality of data and queries.
H-trees: A Dynamic Associative Search Index for OODB.
Middleware based Data Replication providing Snapshot Isolation.
Efficient Maintenance of Materialized Mediated Views.
XBase: making your gigabyte disk queriable.
A Snapshot Differential Refresh Algorithm.
A Data Management Extension Architecture.
Designing DBMS Support for the Temporal Dimension.
Guaranteeing Correctness and Availability in P2P Range Indices.
Stepwise Specification of Dynamic Database Behaviour.
Information Organization Using Rufus.
A scalable hash ripple join algorithm.
Middle-tier database caching for e-business.
Practical Selectivity Estimation through Adaptive Sampling.
Efficient query processing on unstructured tetrahedral meshes.
Safe and Efficient Sharing of Persistent Objects in Thor.
Toward a Progress Indicator for Database Queries.
Models for Web Services Transactions.
A native extension of SQL for mining data streams.
Trie Hashing.
Form Operation By Example: A Language For Office Information Processing.
LH* - Linear Hashing for Distributed Files.
A Practical Design Methodology for the Implementation of IMS Databases, Using the Entity-Relationship Model.
LH*: A High-Availability Scalable Distributed Data Structure using Reed Solomon Codes.
Windows and RSS: beyond blogging.
GridDB: A Database Interface to the Grid.
Mapping a Semantic Database Model to the Relational Model.
R* Optimizer Validation and Performance Evaluation for Local Queries.
An XML-based Wrapper Generator for Web Information Extraction.
Deadlock Detection and Resolution in a CODASYL Based Data Management System.
Native Xquery processing in oracle XMLDB.
The Design of an Acquisitional Query Processor For Sensor Networks.
AQR-Toolkit: An Adaptive Query Routing Middleware for Distributed Data Intensive Systems.
Distributing queries over low-power wireless sensor networks.
CQ: A Personalized Update Monitoring Toolkit.
Continuously adaptive continuous queries over streams.
Effective keyword search in relational databases.
Catalog Management in Websphere Commerce Suite.
Run-time operator state spilling for memory intensive long-running queries.
Partitioned Garbage Collection of Large Object Store.
A system for analyzing and indexing human-motion databases.
Testing Implications of Data Dependencies (Abstract).
Eliminating Costly Redundant Computations from SQL Trigger Executions.
Toward Logical Data Independence: A Relational Query Language Without Relations.
Windows on the World.
Fragments of Relations.
Incorporating Computed Relations in Relational Databases.
Specifying Connections for a Universal Relation Scheme Database.
A Case Management System: Three Views of an Application.
Lean middleware.
The Derivation Problem for Summary Data.
Efficient Processing of Joins on Set-valued Attributes.
Integration of Spatial Join Algorithms for Processing Multiple Inputs.
Simultaneous scalability and security for data-intensive web applications.
Tributaries and Deltas: Efficient and Robust Aggregation in Sensor Network Streams.
Random Sampling Techniques for Space Efficient Online Computation of Order Statistics of Large Datasets.
Enhancing Inter-Operability and Data Sharing In Medical Information Systems.
CQLF - A Query Language for CODASYL-Type Databases.
Query Processing Techniques for Arrays.
A Mathematical Modeling Approach to the Automatic Selection of Database Designs.
MAXENT: consistent cardinality estimation in action.
Learning table access cardinalities with LEO.
Robust Query Processing through Progressive Optimization.
On the Correctness of Representing Extended Entity-Relationship Structures in the Relational Model.
COSS: The Common Object Services Specifications.
QBI: Query By Icons.
Locking-aware structural join operators for XML query processing.
Trends in high performance analytics.
Wavelet-Based Histograms for Selectivity Estimation.
Cost Evaluation of Directory Management Schemes for Distributed Database Systems.
An Overview of the Emerging Third-Generation SQL Standard (Tutorial).
The Role of Cryptography in Database Security.
Client-Site Query Extensions.
Resolving the Tension between Integrity and Security Using a Theorem Prover.
Towards Effective and Efficient Free Space Management.
The Architecture Of An Active Data Base Management System.
Sizing and Data Distribution for a Distributed Database Machine.
File-Level Operations on Network Data Structures.
Self-Adaptive, On-Line Reclustering of Complex Object Data.
Extending the Relational Algebra to Support Transaction Time.
Tools for Personal Information Management (Panel).
The Araneus Web-Base Management System.
CAMAS: A Citizen Awareness System for Crisis Mitigation.
The Concurrency Control Problem in Multidatabases: Characteristics and Solutions.
LINQ: reconciling object, relations and XML in the .NET framework.
Enterprise Information Architectures -- They're Finally Changing.
The Sybase Open Server.
Supporting Executable Mappings in Model Management.
Rondo: A Programming Platform for Generic Model Management.
A Locking Protocol for Resource Coordination in Distributed Databases (Abstract).
XSeq: An Index Infrastructure for Tree Pattern Queries.
Homer: a Model-Based CASE Tool for Data-Intensive Web Sites.
Database Cost Analysis: a Top-Down Approach.
DIRECT: A Query Facility for Multiple Databases.
Data Management: Lasting Impact of the Wild, Wild, Web.
A Logical Semantics for Object-Oriented Databases.
Building Dynamic Application Networks with Web Services.
A Formal Analysis of Information Disclosure in Data Exchange.
Using Schematically Heterogeneous Structures.
Exchanging Intensional XML Data.
XPRESS: A Queriable Compression for XML Data.
Performing Inferences over Relation Data Bases.
Files with Semantics.
A Domain Based Internal Schema for Relational Database Machines.
Relational Queries in a Domain Based DBMS.
MOSAICO - A System for Conceptual Modeling and Rapid Prototyping of Object-Oriented Database Application.
Materialized View Selection and Maintenance Using Multi-Query Optimization.
The COMFORT Prototype: A Step Toward Automated Database Performance Tuning.
Hot Mirroring: A Study to Hide Parity Upgrade Penalty and Degradations During Rebuilds for RAID5.
Application Servers: Born-Again TP Monitors for the Web? (Panel Abstract).
Tutorial: application servers and associated technologies.
Directions in System Architectures for High Transaction Rates.
IBM's Relational DBMS Products: Features and Technologies.
A Survey and Critique of Advanced Transaction Models.
State of the Art in Workflow Management Research and Products.
A Database Perspective on Lotus Domino/Notes.
ARIES/IM: An Efficient and High Concurrency Index Management Method Using Write-Ahead Logging.
Algorithms for Creating Indexes for Very Large Tables Without Quiescing Updates.
An Efficient and Flexible Method for Archiving a Data Base.
ARIES/CSA: A Method for Database Recovery in Client-Server Architectures.
Efficient and Flexible Methods for Transient Versioning of Records to Avoid Locking by Read-Only Transactions.
SINA: Scalable Incremental Processing of Continuous Queries in Spatio-temporal Databases.
Recovery Protocols for Shared Memory Database Systems.
Automatic Generation of Physical Data Base Structures.
Adaptive Multi-Stage Distance Join Processing.
General match: a subsequence matching method in time-series databases based on generalized windows.
The Lotus Notes Storage System.
Natural Language Interfaces.
Security and Inference in Multilevel Database and Knowledge-Base Systems.
SMART: a tool for semantic-driven creation of complex XML mappings.
Maintaining Database Consistency in Presence of Value Dependencies in Multidatabase Systems.
Abstraction in Recovery Management.
Temporal Aggregation in Active Database Rules.
Browsing in a Loosely Structured Database.
Constructing Queries from Tokens.
What to Teach about Datbases (Panel).
Constructing Superviews.
Querying Database Knowledge.
Continuous monitoring of top-k queries over sliding windows.
Interoperability Using APPC.
Information Assurance Technology Challenges.
Magic is Relevant.
Implementation of Magic-sets in a Relational Database System.
Maintenance of Data Cubes and Summary Tables in a Warehouse.
Concurrency in Database Systems - A Simulation Study.
Equi-Depth Histograms For Estimating Selectivity Factors For Multi-Dimensional Queries.
Research issues in protein location image databases.
Towards an enterprise XML architecture.
VODAK Open Nested Transactions - Visualizing Database Internals.
Panel on Next Generation Database Systems Won't Work Without Semantics!
A Language Facility for Designing Interactive Database-Intensive Applications (Abstract).
A Relational Database Design in Support of Standard Medical Terminology in Multi-domain Knowledge Bases.
Incremental and Effective Data Summarization for Dynamic Hierarchical Clustering.
Issues and Approaches for Migration/Cohabitation between Legacy and new Systems.
Some DML Instruction Sequences for Application Program Analysis and Conversion.
WALRUS: A Similarity Retrieval Algorithm for Image Databases.
Compiling Separable Recursions.
Efficient Evaluation of Right-, Left-, and Mult-Lineare Rules.
Developing a High Traffic, Read-Only Web Site.
Investigations into the Application of the Relational Model to Data Translation.
Vertical Partitioning for Database Design: A Graphical Algorithm.
View Representation in Logical Database Design.
Experiences in Mining Aviation Safety Data.
Data Bases, Compound Objects, and Networked Workstations: Beyond Distributed Computing.
A Population Analysis for Hierarchical Data Structures.
Extracting Schema from Semistructured Data.
Optimization and Evaluation of Database Queries Including Embedded Interpolation Procedures.
Views on Data Management.
Multi-vendor Interoperability Through SQL Access.
Flexible Buffer Allocation Based on Marginal Gains.
Exploratory Mining via Constrained Frequent Set Queries.
Exploratory Mining and Pruning Optimizations of Constrained Association Rules.
A Data Mining Application: Customes Retention at the Port of Singapore Authority (PSA).
Iceberg-cube computation with PC clusters.
Monitoring XML Data on the Web.
Accessing Relational Databases from the World Wide Web.
First Order Logic Formalization for Functional, Multivalued and Mutual Dependencies.
Implementation of a Compiler for a Semantic Data Model: Experiences with Taxis.
Application Architecture: 2Tier or 3Tier? What is DBMS's Role? (Panel Abstract).
Integration Approaches for CIM.
AlphaSort: A RISC Machine Sort.
A Content-Based Multimedia Server for Massively Parallel Architectures.
ORDPATHs: Insert-Friendly XML Node Labels.
The LRU-K Page Replacement Algorithm For Database Disk Buffering.
Improved Query Performance with Variant Indexes.
Efficient and Cost-effective Techniques for Browsing and Indexing Large Video Databases.
Database Programming in Machiavelli - a Polymorphic Language with Static Type Inference.
Microsoft Site Server (Commerce Edition).
Random Sampling from Hash Files.
The Conceptual Schema Controversy.
Cover Your Assets.
Adaptive Filters for Continuous Queries over Distributed Data Streams.
Best-effort cache synchronization with source cooperation.
DataSplash.
Adaptive Precision Setting for Cached Approximate Values.
Data Manegement of Telecommunication Networks.
Rewriting nested XML queries using nested views.
PeerDB: Peering into Personal Databases.
Database Challenges in Global Information Systems.
Vertical and Horizontal Percentage Aggregations.
Optimizing recursive queries in SQL.
SQLEM: Fast Clustering in SQL using the EM Algorithm.
Spatial Query Processing in an Object-Oriented Database System.
Redundancy in Spatial Databases.
A Comparison of Spatial Query Processing Techniques for Native and Parameter Spaces.
Architectures for Object Data Management.
Query Processing in the ObjectStore Database System.
DISIMA: A Distributed and Interoperable Image Database System.
Doubly Distorted Mirrors.
A Multidimensional Digital Hashing Scheme for Files With Composite Keys.
System RX: One Part Relational, One Part XML.
Fault-tolerant Architectures for Continuous Media Servers.
Real-Time Databases: Are they Real?
A Language and a Physical Organization Technique for Summary Tables.
Data Management Issues in Electronic Commerce (Panel).
Multi-Dimensional Clustering: A New Data Layout Scheme in DB2.
Genesis: A Distributed Database Operating System.
Density Biased Sampling: An Improved Method for Data Mining and Clustering.
Partially Preemptive Hash Joins.
Managing Memory for Real-Time Queries.
Verifying Completeness of Relational Query Results in Data Publishing.
Formal Definition of Mappings in a Data Base.
Conceptual Partitioning: An Efficient Method for Continuous Nearest Neighbor Monitoring.
An Optimal and Progressive Algorithm for Skyline Queries.
Topological Relations in the World of Minimum Bounding Rectangles: A Study with R-trees.
On the Power of Locking.
Optimal multi-scale patterns in time series streams.
Approximate XML Query Answers.
Adaptive Information System Design: One Query at a Time.
Similarity Query Processing Using Disk Arrays.
Online Index Rebuild.
Constraint-Based XML Query Rewriting For Data Integration.
Extensible optimization in overlay dissemination trees.
Graphs-at-a-time: query language and access methods for graph databases.
XPORT: extensible profile-driven overlay routing trees.
Improved Histograms for Selectivity Estimation of Range Predicates.
QURSED: querying and reporting semistructured data.
A Chase Too Far?
Query Rewriting for Semistructured Data.
TPC-DS, taking decision support benchmarking to the next level.
Adaptive location constraint processing.
TIMBER: A Native System for Querying XML.
Tree Logical Classes for Efficient Evaluation of XQuery.
On-Line Warehouse View Maintenance.
An Effective Hash Based Algorithm for Mining Association Rules.
LORE: A Lightweight Object REpository for Semistructured Data.
Xmas: An Extensible Main-Memory Storage System for High-Performance Applications.
D(k)-Index: An Adaptive Structural Summary for Graph-Structured Data.
Improving Fault Tolerance and Supporting Partial Writes in Structured Coterie Protocols for Replicated Objects.
Efendi: Federated Database System of Cadlab.
Inferences Involving Embedded Multivalued Dependencies and Transitive Dependencies.
Similarity-Based Queries for Time Series Data.
Extracting and Exploiting Structure in Text Search.
STRIPES: An Efficient Index for Predicted Trajectories.
Performance Evaluation of Extended Storage Architectures for Transaction Processing.
Partition Based Spatial-Merge Join.
A Monte Carlo algorithm for fast projective clustering.
Building a Scaleable Geo-Spatial DBMS: Technology, Implementation, and Evaluation.
Impact of SOA on enterprise information architectures.
Approximate Medians and other Quantiles in One Pass and with Limited Memory.
A Case for Redundant Arrays of Inexpensive Disks (RAID).
E-Commerce Database Issues and Experience.
Architecture and Implementation of the Darmstadt Database Kernel System.
The V3 Video Server - Managing Analog and Digital Video Clips.
Forensic analysis of database tampering.
Hashing in Practive, Analysis of Hashing and Universal Hashing.
Efficient Exploration of Product Spaces.
From Browsing to Interacting: DBMS Support for Responive Websites (Abstract).
Database Management Issues of the Human Genome Project.
The PointCast Network.
Towards Data Mining Benchmarking: A Testbed for Performance Study of Frequent Pattern Mining.
The CORAL Deductive Database System.
Evaluation of Transmission Requirements in Distributed Database Access.
Implementation of the CORAL Deductive Database System.
XPath Queries on Streaming Data.
aAqua: a database-backended multilingual, multimedia community forum.
Partial results for online query processing.
Leveraging The Information Asset.
Efficient algorithms for minimizing tree pattern queries.
HYDRO: A Heterogeneous Distributed Database System.
Oracle RAC: Architecture and Performance.
Interactive query formulation over web service-accessed sources.
Commitment in a Partitioned Distributed Database.
GEA: a toolkit for gene expression analysis.
OODB Indexing by Class-Division.
Glue-Nail: A Deductive Database System.
A Transaction Logic for Database Specification.
Accurate Estimation of the Number of Tuples Satisfying a Condition.
Efficient Algorithms for Mining Outliers from Large Data Sets.
Thinksheet: A Tool for Tailoring Complex Documents.
Object-Oriented Features of DB2 Client/Server.
A Data/Knowledge Base Management Testbed and Experimental Results on Data/Knowledge Base Query and Update Processing.
Extensible/Rule Based Query Rewrite Optimization in Starburst.
Providing Better Support for a Class of Decision Support Queries.
Canonical Abstraction for Outerjoin Optimization.
Searching in time.
Making B-Trees Cache Conscious in Main Memory.
Relational Confidence Bounds Are Easy With The Bootstrap.
FAÇADE: A Fast and Effective Approach to the Discovery of Dense Clusters in Noisy Spatial Data.
Instrumental Complex of Parallel Software System Development and Operating Environment Support for Distributed Processing within Multitransputer Systems, TRANSSOFT.
Reusing Invariants: A New Strategy for Correlated Queries.
Evaluation of Remote Backup Algorithms for Transaction Processing Systems.
Automating physical database design in a parallel database.
Statistical synopses for graph-structured XML databases.
Design and Evaluation of Parallel Pipelined Join Algorithms.
File Structure Design to Facilitate On-Line Instantaneous Updating.
SQL Open Heterogeneous Data Access.
A Characterization of the Sensitivity of Query Optimization to Storage Access Cost Parameters.
Rdb/VMS Support for Multi-media Databases.
High Contention in a Stock Trading Database: A Case Study.
The MLPQ/GIS Constraint Database System.
Evaluation of the Size of a Query Expressed in Relational Algebra.
Programming Constructs for Database System Implementation in EXODUS.
Secondary Index Optimization.
Aspects: Extending Objects to Support Multiple, Independent Roles.
The Network Query Language NOAH.
Data Mining on an OLTP System (Nearly) for Free.
Winnowing: Local Algorithms for Document Fingerprinting.
Efficient integration and aggregation of historical information.
On the Semantics of the Relational Data Model.
A Study of the Effects of Locking Granularity in a Data Base Management System (Abstract).
Some High-level Language Constructs for Data of Type Relation (Abstract).
Bit-Sliced Index Arithmetic.
Events on the edge.
Extending Query Rewriting Techniques for Fine-Grained Access Control.
COLT: continuous on-line tuning.
DSCL - A Data Specification and Conversion Language for Networks.
Administration, Availability, and Development Features of Teradata.
A Relational View of the Data Independent Accessing Model.
The K-D-B-Tree: A Search Structure For Large Multidimensional Dynamic Indexes.
A Performance Evaluation of Four Parallel Join Algorithms in a Shared-Nothing Multiprocessor Environment.
A Fast General-Purpose Hardware Synchronisation Mechanism.
How To Roll a Join: Asynchronous Incremental View Maintenance.
MOCHA: A Database Middleware System Featuring Automatic Deployment of Application-Specific Functionality.
Quantitative Data Description.
MOCHA: A Self-Extensible Database Middleware System for Distributed Data Sources.
Communication Efficient Distributed Mining of Association Rules.
Deadlock Resolution and Semantic Lock Models in Object-Oriented Distributed Systems.
Improving Semantic Specification in a Relational Database.
Transaction Modeling.
Real-World MVD's.
Compact B-Trees.
Managing structure in bits & pieces: the killer use case for XML.
Dynamic Database Dumping.
Multi-Disk B-trees.
Will Database Researchers Have ANY Role in Data Security? (Panel Abstract).
Logical Modeling of Temporal Data.
Optimal Multi-Step k-Nearest Neighbor Search.
What Can We Do to Strengthen the Connection Between Theory and System Builders.
IDEA: Interactive Data Exploration and Analysis.
Query Graphs, Implementing Trees, and Freely-Reorderable Outerjoins.
Indexing the Positions of Continuously Moving Objects.
Traversal Recursion: A Practical Approach to Supporting Recursive Applications.
Issues in Building Large Database Systems.
Access Path Selection in a Relational Database Management System.
An Architecture for Query Optimization.
Global Query Optimization.
Security of Shared Data in Large Systems: State of the Art and Research Directions.
Efficiently Supporting Procedures in Relational Database Systems.
Expressing Business Rules.
Implementing Large Production Systems in a DBMS Environment: Concepts and Algorithms.
Materialized View Maintenance and Integrity Constraint Checking: Trading Space for Time.
The Use of Extended Boolean Logic in Information Retrieval.
The Garlic Project.
Optimization of Extended Database Query Languages.
The Design of ¬1NF Relational Databases into Nested Normal Form.
PLASTIC: Reducing Query Optimization Overheads through Plan Recycling.
Evaluating the Size of Queries on Relational Databases with non Uniform Distribution and Stochastic Dependence.
Engineering Information Systems: Builders and Designers Perspective.
FastSort: A Distributed Single-Input Single-Output External Sort.
Cubetree: Organization of and Bulk Updates on the Data Cube.
Hard Problems for Simple Logic Programs.
The Active MultiSync Controller of the Cubetree Storage Organization.
i: Intelligent, Interactive Investigaton of OLAP data cubes.
Nearest Neighbor Queries.
Efficient set joins on similarity predicates.
Direct Spatial Search on Pictorial Databases Using Packed R-Trees.
DataMIME.
Building Notification Services with Microsoft SQLServer.
``Honey, I Shrunk the DBMS'': Footprint, Mobility, and Beyond (Panel).
Cost-Based Optimization for Magic: Algebra and Implementation.
Top-Down Statistical Estimation on a Database.
Sequence Query Processing.
PREDATOR: An OR-DBMS with Enhanced Data Types.
Data Abstractions, Views and Updates in RIGEL.
Differential Files: Their Application to the Maintenance of Large Data Bases (Abstract).
FADS - A Form Application Development System.
Fault-tolerant, Load-balancing Queries in Telegraph.
Efficient and Extensible Algorithms for Multi Query Optimization.
Highly-Available, Fault-Tolerant, Parallel Dataflows.
A Database Design for Musical Information.
Integrating Mining with Relational Database Systems: Alternatives and Implications.
Benchmarking Simple Database Operations.
Handling Summary Information in a Database: Derivability.
SERFing the Web: Web Site Management Made Easy.
BRAID: Stream Mining through Group Lag Correlations.
SERF: ODMG-Based Generic Re-structuring Facility.
The MultiView Project: Object-Oriented View Technology and Applications.
The INterset Concept for Multidatabase System Integration in the Pharmaceutical Industry.
Evolvable View Environment (EVE): Non-Equivalent View Maintenance under Schema Changes.
An Algorithm for Servicing Multi-Relational Queries.
XmdvTool: visual interactive data exploration and trend discovery of high-dimensional data sets.
Concepts of a Data Base Simulation Language.
Panel on Multi-Database Systems.
Pegasus Architecture and Design Principles.
Fast range-summable random variables for efficient aggregate estimation.
Efficient Concurrency Control for Broadcast Environments.
XML and relational database management systems: the inside story.
A geometric approach to monitoring threshold functions over distributed data streams.
A Constructive Definition of Third Normal Form.
Magic Counting Methods.
Update-by-Dialogue: An Interactive Approach to Database Modification.
Computing for biologists: lessons from some successful case studies.
The Interaction between Functional Dependencies and Template Dependencies.
Lessons from Wall Street: Case Studies in Configuration, Tuning, and Distribution (Tutorial).
Can We Use the Universal Instance Assumption Without Using Nulls?
Database tuning: principles, experiments, and troubleshooting techniques (part II).
XSB as an Efficient Deductive Database Engine.
Database tuning: principles, experiments, and troubleshooting techniques (part I).
XSB as a Deductive Database.
Simple Rational Guidance for Chopping Up Transactions.
Kweelt: More than just "yet another framework to query XML!"
Using Shared Virtual Memory for Parallel Join Processing.
Entity-Relationship Approach to the Conceptual Schema Design.
Constraint chaining: on energy-efficient continuous monitoring in sensor networks.
Adaptive Parallel Aggregation Algorithms.
Performance Enhancement Through Replication in an Object-Oriented DBMS.
A Performance Evaluation of Pointer-Based Joins.
CMVF: A Novel Dimension Reduction Scheme for Efficient Indexing in A Large Image Database.
InMAF: indexing music databases via multiple acoustic features.
Towards Effective Indexing for Very Large Video Sequence Database.
IDLOG: Extending the Expressive Power of Deductive Database Languages.
A Non-deterministic Deductive Database Language.
Turbo-charging Vertical Mining of Large Databases.
A System for Semantic Query Optimization.
PRISM: A Knowledge Based System for Semantic Integrity Specification and Enforcement in Database Systems.
Architecture of the Encina Distributed Transaction Processing Family.
Performance of a Data Base Manager in a Virtual Memory System (Abstract).
Workflow Automation: Applications, Technology, and Research (Tutorial).
Multidatabase Interdependencies in Industry.
Partitioning a Relational Database Horizontally Using a Knowledge-Based Approach.
Parallel Mining Algorithms for Generalized Association Rules with Classification Hierarchy.
The Functional Data Model and the Data Language DAPLEX (Abstract).
Google in a Box - Building the Google Search Appliance.
Wave-Indices: Indexing Evolving Databases.
InfoHarness: A System for Search and Retrieval of Heterogeneous Information.
Maintenance of Views.
A Logical-Level Approach to Data Base Conversion.
REVIEW: A Real Time Virtual Walkthrough System.
CONVERT: A High Level Translation Definition Language for Data Conversion (Abstract).
Forms Approach to Requirements Specification for Database Design.
Tutorial: LDAP Directory Services - Just Another Database Application?
VERSANT Replication: Supporting Fault-Tolerant Object Databases.
K: A High-Level Knowledge Base Programming Language for Advanced Database Applications.
Pragmatics of Database Management (Panel).
Paper-based mobile access to databases.
Data and metadata management in service-oriented architectures: some open challenges.
An Instant and Accurate Estimation Method for Joins and Selection in a Retrieval-Intensive Environment.
Energy-efficient monitoring of extreme values in sensor networks.
Optimization of Large Join Queries: Combining Heuristic and Combinatorial Techniques.
Optimization of Large Join Queries.
Fundamental Techniques for Order Optimization.
Estimating Page Fetches for Index Scans with Finite LRU Buffers.
Design and Implementation of an Extendible Integrity Subsystem.
An Access Path Specification Language for Restructuring Network Databases.
Relaxed Transaction Processing.
On the Requirements of Navigational Relationship Representations.
DDB: An Object Oriented Design Data Manager for VLSI CAD.
Magnet: Supporting Navigation in Semistructured Data Environments.
Designing and Mining Multi-Terabyte Astronomy Archives: The Sloan Digital Sky Survey.
Timestamp Based Certification Schemes for Transactions in Distributed Database Systems.
The SDSS skyserver: public access to the sloan digital sky server data.
Rights Protection for Relational Data.
Static Detection of Security Flaws in Object-Oriented Databases.
Dwarf: shrinking the PetaCube.
Efficient Spatial Access to a Data Base.
Temporal Conditions and Integrity Constraints in Active Database Systems.
A Static Pessimistic Scheme for Handling Replicated Databases.
Nonblocking Commit Protocols.
Adaptable Query Optimization and Evaluation in Temporal Middleware.
Nested Historical Relations.
MPEG-7 Standard for Multimedia Databases.
Prediction and Indexing of Moving Objects with Unknown Motion Patterns.
Time-parameterized queries in spatio-temporal databases.
Optimizing the Performance of a Relational Algebra Data Base Interface (Abstract).
RPJ: Producing Fast Join Results on Streams through Rate-based Optimization.
Efficient Query Reformulation in Peer-Data Management Systems.
A Taxonomy of Time in Databases.
Updating XML.
Write-Only Disk Caches.
Storing and querying ordered XML using a relational database system.
PICASSO - An Aid to an End-User Facility.
Incremental Maintenance of Path Expression Views.
Graph-based synopses for relational selectivity estimation.
Reconciling while tolerating disagreement in collaborative data sharing.
Ubiquitous, Self-tuning, Scalable Servers.
Mid-tier caching: the TimesTen approach.
Database Support for Interactive Computer Graphics.
Object-Oriented, Rapid Application Development in a PC Database Environment.
Data Extraction and Transformation for the Data Warehouse.
Paradise: A Database System for GIS Applications.
Mining Quantitative Association Rules in Large Relational Tables.
SHORE: Combining the Best Features of OODBMS and File Systems.
Performance of B-Tree Concurrency Algorithms.
Upsizing from File Server to Clent Server Architectures.
Compensation-Based On-Line Query Processing.
OSAM*KBMS: An Object-Oriented Knowledge Base Management System for Supporting Advanced Applications.
Multiple Aggregations Over Data Streams.
In-Memory Data Management for Consumer Transactions The Times-Ten Approach.
Distributed Database Concurrency Controls Using Before-Values.
Application of an Analytical Model to Evaluate Storage Structures.
Data Base Standardization - A Status Report.
Continuous Queries over Append-Only Databases.
On the Modes and Meaning of Feedback to Transaction Designers.
The International Directory Network and Connected Data Information Systems for Research in the Earth and Space Sciences.
Dynamic multidimensional histograms.
Scientific Data Repositories: Designing for a Moving Target.
The XXL search engine: ranked retrieval of XML data using indexes and ontologies.
Visionary: A Next Generation Visualization System for Databases.
The ORES Temporal Database Management System.
Design and Implementation of Advanced Knowledge Processing in the KDMS KRISYS (Demonstration Description).
Event processing with an oracle database.
Implementation of Integrity Constraints and Views by Query Modification.
Are Standards the Panacea for Heterogeneous Distributed DBMSs?
Hypothetical Data Bases as Views.
Implementing a Scalable XML Publish/Subscribe System Using a Relational Database System.
DBMS and AI: Is There any Common Point of View?
The Distributed Information Search Component (Disco) and the World Wide Web.
The Postgres DBMS.
Caching and Database Scaling in Distributed Shard-Nothing Information Retrieval Systems.
Managing Persistent Objects in a Multi-Level Store.
Incremental Updates of Inverted Lists for Text Document Retrieval.
The Miro DBMS.
Are We Working On the Right Problems? (Panel).
Cost-Based Optimization of Decision Support Queries Using Transient Views.
Quel as a Data Type.
Managing Web Data.
The Sequoia 2000 Benchmark.
Foundations of probabilistic answers to queries.
Content Integration for E-Business.
Space Optimization in the Bottom-Up Evaluation of Logic Programs.
On Rules, Procedures, Caching and Views in Data Base Systems.
Hardware Acceleration for Spatial Selections and Joins.
Embedding Expert Knowledge and Hypothetical Data Bases Into a Data Base System.
Schema advisor for hybrid relational-XML DBMS.
The Design of Postgres.
Solving Implication Problems in Database Applications.
Online B-tree Merging.
"The Committee for Advanced DBMS Function": Third Generation Data Base System Manifesto.
SuperSQL: An Extended SQL for Database Publishing and Presentation.
Data Integration and Warehousing in Telecom Italia.
RIDL*: A Tool for the Computer-Assisted Engineering of Large Databases in the Presence of Integrity Constraints.
A Stochastic Approach for Clustering in Object Bases.
On the Performance of Object Clustering Techniques.
Parallel Database Processing on the KSR1 Computer.
LSL: A Link and Selector Language.
Database Buffer Size Investigation for OLTP Workloads (Experience Paper).
Query Flocks: A Generalization of Association-Rule Mining.
An Implementation of GEM - Supporting a Semantic Data Model on a Relational Back-End.
CURLER: Finding and Visualizing Nonlinear Correlated Clusters.
The Montage Extensible DataBlade Achitecture.
Improving the Efficiency of Database-System Teaching.
Implementation of Logical Query Languages for Databases (Abstract).
The Input/Output Complexity of Transitive Closure.
Cost Based Query Scrambling for Initial Delays.
Towards a Unified Visual Database Access.
Semi-Join Algorithms for Multiprocessor Systems.
A Multikey Hashing Scheme Using Predicate Trees.
Rapid Bushy Join-order Optimization with Cartesian Products.
Algebraic Support for Complex Objects with Arrays, Identity, and Inheritance.
Database Logic Programming, Deductive Databases, and Expert Database Systems.
Database in Crisis and Transition: A Technical Agenda for the Year 2001.
Null Values in Data Base Management: A Denotational Semantics Approach.
Modularity and Tuning Mechanisms in the O2 System.
Recovery and Carsh Resistance in a Filing System.
A Deductive and Object-Oriented Database System: Why and How?
Rate-based query optimization for streaming information sources.
Gaia: An Object-Oriented Framework for an Ada Environment (Extended Abstract).
Distributed File Organization with Scalable Cost/Performance.
Approximate Computation of Multidimensional Aggregates of Sparse Data Using Wavelets.
Identifying Similarities, Periodicities and Bursts for Online Search Queries.
A High-Level User Interface for Update and Retrieval in Relational Databases - Language Aspects.
The WASA2 Object-Oriented Workflow Management System.
Efficient k-NN search on vertically decomposed data.
A non-linear dimensionality-reduction technique for fast similarity search in large databases.
Counting, Enumerating, and Sampling of Execution Plans in a Cost-Based Query Optimizer.
Full Distribution in Objectivity/DB.
Single Logical View over Enterprise-Wide Distributed Databases.
Polynomial Time Designs toward Both BCNF and Efficient Data Manipulation.
Experience from a Real Life Query Optimizer.
Combinatorial Pattern Discovery for Scientific Data: Some Preliminary Results.
Containment Join Size Estimation: Models and Methods.
Temporal Modules: An Approach Toward Federated Temporal Databases.
ViST: A Dynamic Index Method for Querying XML Data by Tree Structures.
Cache Consistency and Concurrency Control in a Client/Server DBMS Architecture.
Structural Matching and Discovery in Document Databases.
An Approximate Search Engine for Structural Databases.
COMMIX: towards effective web information extraction, integration and query answering.
Clustering by pattern similarity in large data sets.
GraphMiner: a structural pattern-mining system for large disk-based graph databases and its applications.
Pattern Matching and Pattern Discovery in Scientific, Program, and Document Databases.
The Data Management Facilities of PLAIN.
Interpreting a Reconstructed Relational Calculus (Extended Abstract).
Benchmarking Queries over Trees: Learning the Hard Truth the Hard Way.
Prefetching in Realtime Database Applications.
Dynamic File Allocation in Disk Arrays.
Handling Very Large Databases with Informix Extended Parallel Server.
Efficient execution of joins in a star schema.
DogmatiX Tracks down Duplicates in XML.
Information Retrieval in Files Described Using Sets.
Retrieval Using Ordered Lists in Inverted and Multilist Files.
FileNet Integrated Document Management Database Usage and Issues.
Enterprise Java Platform Data Access.
QuickStore: A High Performance Mapped Object Store.
Implementing Crash Recovery in QuickStore: A Performance Study.
Lots o' Ticks: Real-Time High Performance Time Series Queries on Billions of Trades and Quotes.
Set-Oriented Production Rules in Relational Database Systems.
Experience with Knowledge Bases.
Intelligent Integration of Information.
Efficient Processing of Relational Calculus Expressions Using Range Query Theory.
Good Worst-Case Algorithms for Inserting and Deleting Records in Dense Sequential Files.
"I wish I were over there": Distributed Execution Protocols for Data Definition in R*.
Parallel Evaluation of Multi-Join Queries.
Managing the Data Resource.
A Business Application of Data Translation.
Spreadsheets in RDBMS for OLAP.
The MENTOR Workbench for Enterprise-wide Workflow Management.
Task Scheduling Using Intertask Dependencies in Carot.
Carnot and InfoSleuth: Database Technology and the World Wide Web.
An Object-Oriented Approach to Multimedia Databases.
Incremental Evaluation of Rules and its Relationship to Parallelism.
A New Paradigm for Parallel and Distributed Rule-Processing.
Distributed Processing of Logic Programs.
DOMINO: Databases fOr MovINg Objects tracking.
Statistical Database Management (Panel).
Interval Hierarchies and Their Application to Predicate Files (Abstract).
Distributing A Database for Parallelism.
Decomposition - A Strategy for Query Processing (Abstract).
Modeling Battlefield Sensor Environments with an Object Database Management System.
On Merging Partitioned Databases.
Using the Golden Rule of Sampling for Query Estimation.
High-performance complex event processing over streams.
Subsequence Matching on Structured Time Series Data.
Online Event-driven Subsequence Matching over Financial Data Streams.
An Interactive Clustering-based Approach to Integrating Source Query interfaces on the Deep Web.
The Network is the Database: Data Management for Highly Distributed Systems.
Refreshing the sky: the compressed skycube with efficient support for frequent updates.
Personalized privacy preservation.
On Joining and Caching Stochastic Streams.
Contour map matching for event detection in sensor networks.
Design of a Generalized Balanced Multiple-Valued File Organization Scheme of Order Two.
Data-Driven Understanding and Refinement of Schema Mappings.
Graph Indexing: A Frequent Structure-based Approach.
Substructure Similarity Search in Graph Databases.
Similarity Evaluation on Tree-structured Data.
Association Rules over Interval Data.
Mining long sequential patterns in a noisy environment.
TIP: A Temporal Extension to Informix.
Evaluation of Database Access Paths.
Computing Capabilities of Mediators.
Incremental Maintenance of XML Structural Indexes.
Clustering Objects on a Spatial Network.
Classification of Recursive Formulas in Deductive Databases.
Performance Analysis of three Related Assignment Problems.
Efficient and Effective Metasearch for Text Databases Incorporating Linkages among Documents.
A Sound and Complete Query Evaluation Algorithm for Relational Databases with Null Values.
Efficient evaluation of queries in a mediator for WebSources.
Highly Concurrent Cache Consistency for Indices in Client-Server Database Systems.
Answering Complex SQL Queries Using Automatic Summary Tables.
MultiMediaMiner: A System Prototype for Multimedia Data Mining.
Modeling and querying multidimensional data sources in Siebel Analytics: a federated relational system.
Design of Relational Views over Network Schemas.
The Database Language GEM.
Incremental Database Systems: Databases from Ground Up.
NonStop SQL/MX Publish/Subscribe: Continuous Data Streams in Transaction Processing.
Rainbow: Multi-XQuery Optimization Using Materialized XML Views.
Understanding Web Query Interfaces: Best-Effort Parsing with Hidden Syntax.
Boolean + ranking: querying a database by k-constrained optimization.
Mining Periodic Patterns with Gap Requirement from Sequences.
Rainbow: mapping-driven XQuery processing system.
Ensuring Relaxed Atomicity for Flexible Transactions in Multidatabase Systems.
On Supporting Containment Queries in Relational Database Management Systems.
BIRCH: An Efficient Data Clustering Method for Very Large Databases.
A Necessary Condition for a Doubly Recursive Rule to be Equivalent to a Linear Recursive Rule.
Location-based Spatial Queries.
An Array-Based Algorithm for Simultaneous Multidimensional Aggregates.
Simultaneous Optimization and Evaluation of Multiple Dimensional Queries.
TriCluster: An Effective Algorithm for Mining Coherent Clusters in 3D Microarray Data.
TAM: A System for Dynamic Transactional Activity Management.
Implementing database operations using SIMD instructions.
Buffering Database Operations for Enhanced Instruction Cache Performance.
TREX: DTD-Conforming XML to XML Transformations.
Fossilized Index: The Linchpin of Trustworthy Non-Alterable Electronic Records.
Dynamic Plan Migration for Continuous Queries Over Data Streams.
Warping Indexes with Envelope Transforms for Query by Humming.
Query by Humming - in Action with its Technology Revealed.
View Maintenance in a Warehousing Environment.
Generic similarity detection in ontologies with the SOQA-SimPack toolkit.
On-line Reorganization of Sparsely-populated B+trees.
WinMagic : Subquery Elimination Using Window Aggregation.
Fast approximate computation of statistics on views.
Leveraging aggregate constraints for deduplication.
A framework for enforcing application policies in database systems.
Optimal top-down join enumeration.
The TopX DB&IR engine.
Managing information quality in e-science: the qurator workbench.
Effective keyword-based selection of relational databases.
User-centric personalized extensibility for data-driven web applications.
Event processing using database technology.
BIwTL: a business information warehouse toolkit and language for warehousing simplification and automation.
BLINKS: ranked keyword searches on graphs.
Mashup Feeds: : continuous queries over web services.
Querying xml with update syntax.
SPADE: the system s declarative stream processing engine.
Information discovery in loosely integrated data.
System design issues in sensor databases.
Boosting topic-based publish-subscribe systems with dynamic clustering.
Xpath on steroids: exploiting relational engines for xpath performance.
Mining large graphs and streams using matrix and tensor tools.
XANADUE: a system for detecting changes to XML data in tree-unaware relational databases.
Scalable approximate query processing with the DBO engine.
Cardinality estimation using sample views with quality assurance.
P-ring: an efficient and robust P2P range index structure.
An XML transaction processing benchmark.
Sonnet: an efficient distributed content-based dissemination broker.
Efficient xml data dissemination with piggybacking.
Progressive and selective merge: computing top-k with ad-hoc ranking functions.
Databases on the web.
Fg-index: towards verification-free query processing on graph databases.
Automated and on-demand provisioning of virtual machines for database applications.
Supporting entity search: a large-scale prototype search engine.
Building statistical models and scoring with UDFs.
Lazy, adaptive rid-list intersection, and its application to index anding.
A SQL: 1999 code generator for the pathfinder xquery compiler.
Effective and efficient update of xml in RDBMS.
Optimization of multi-version expensive predicates.
Efficient exploitation of similar subexpressions for query processing.
Addressing diverse user preferences in SQL-query-result navigation.
Why off-the-shelf RDBMSs are better at XPath than you might expect.
Towards keyword-driven analytical processing.
ConEx: a system for monitoring queries.
M-invariance: towards privacy preserving re-publication of dynamic datasets.
Recent database challenges in China on data consolidation and integration.
Relational joins on graphics processors.
EaseDB: a cache-oblivious in-memory query processor.
The case for a wide-table approach to manage sparse relational data sets.
XTream: personal data streams.
MashMaker: mashups for the masses.
AllInOneNews: development and evaluation of a large-scale news metasearch engine.
Distributed query evaluation with performance guarantees.
An efficient and accurate method for evaluating time series similarity.
Indexing dataspaces.
Turning data into knowledge: challenges and opportunities at baidu.com.
Streaming in a connected world: querying and tracking distributed data streams.
JouleSort: a balanced energy-efficiency benchmark.
Sharing aggregate computation for distributed queries.
Handling heterogeneous data sources in a SOA environment with service data objects (SDO).
Online autoadmin: (physical design tuning).
Genome-scale disk-based suffix tree indexing.
A random walk approach to sampling hidden databases.
Leveraging data and structure in ontology integration.
MySearchView: a customized metasearch engine generator.
Query suspend and resume.
Approximate algorithms for K-anonymity.
Keyword search on relational data streams.
Flexible and efficient access control in oracle.
Quality is in the eye of the beholder: towards user-centric web-databases.
GPUQP: query co-processing using graphics processors.
Map-reduce-merge: simplified relational data processing on large clusters.
Highly distributed XQuery with DXQ.
Efficient algorithms for evaluating xpath over streams.
Mobile and embedded databases.
The microsoft data platform.
Progressive optimization in a shared-nothing parallel database.
In-network execution of monitoring queries in sensor networks.
Hiding the presence of individuals from shared databases.
A dynamic and flexible sensor network platform.
Massively multi-query join processing in publish/subscribe systems.
Threats to privacy in the forensic analysis of database systems.
K-relevance: a spectrum of relevance for data sources impacting a query.
Assisted querying using instant-response interfaces.
QAGen: generating query-aware test databases.
Sketching probabilistic data streams.
eSagu: a data warehouse enabled personalized agricultural advisory system.
Homeviews: peer-to-peer middleware for personal data sharing applications.
Exploiting self-monitoring sample views for cardinality estimation.
Trajectory clustering: a partition-and-group framework.
How to barter bits for chronons: compression and bandwidth trade offs for database scans.
Data streams go mainstream.
Query-based partitioning of documents and indexes for information lifecycle management.
AutoDomainMine: a graphical data mining system for process optimization.
DaNaLIX: a domain-adaptive natural language interface for querying XML.
InfiniteDB: a pc-cluster based parallel massive database management system.
Privacy preserving schema and data matching.
Orion 2.0: native support for uncertain data.
Statistical analysis of sketch estimators.
Query answering techniques on uncertain and probabilistic data: tutorial summary.
Updating a cracked database.
Webstudio: building infrastructure for web data management.
Scaling games to epic proportion.
Extending relational query optimization to dynamic schemas for information integration in multidatabases.
DiMaC: a system for cleaning disguised missing data.
Cayuga: a high-performance event processing engine.
Travel time estimation using NiagaraST and latte.
Integrating and querying taxonomies with quest in the presence of conflicts.
Supporting table partitioning by reference in oracle.
Building a global location search service.
ORCHESTRA: facilitating collaborative data sharing.
Identifying meaningful return information for XML keyword search.
Query relaxation using malleable schemas.
Efficient provenance storage.
Storage workload estimation for database management systems.
CLIDE: interactive query formulation for service oriented architectures.
Pay-as-you-go user feedback for dataspace systems.
Design of flash-based DBMS: an in-page logging approach.
FICSR: eedback-based nonistency esolution and query processing on misaligned data sources.
Relational-style XML query.
Making database systems usable.
Resource-adaptive real-time new event detection.
URank: formulation and efficient evaluation of top-k queries in uncertain databases.
Paths to stardom: calibrating the potential of a peer-based data management system.
Execution strategies for SQL subqueries.
Discovering bucket orders from full rankings.
On synopses for distinct-value estimation under multiset operations.
Intensional associations between data and metadata.
LearnPADS: automatic tool generation from ad hoc data.
An in-depth look at the architecture of an object/relational mapper.
Compiling mappings to bridge applications and databases.
Fast and practical indexing and querying of very large graphs.
Grouping and optimization of XPath expressions in DB2 pureXML.
Xmdvtool: : quality-aware interactive data exploration.
Effective variation management for pseudo periodical streams.
Improving suffix array locality for fast pattern matching on disk.
Supporting ranking and clustering as generalized order-by and group-by.
Spark: top-k keyword query in relational databases.
Near-optimal algorithms for shared filter evaluation in data stream systems.
Query-based monitoring of BPEL business processes.
Log-based recovery for middleware servers.
Model management 2.0: manipulating richer mappings.
Anatomy of the ADO.NET entity framework.
LIPTUS: associating structured and unstructured information in a banking environment.
Auditing disclosure by relevance ranking.
Optimizing mpf queries: decision support and probabilistic inference.
Data currency in replicated DHTs.
The OSIRIS-SE (stream-enabled) infrastructure for reliable data stream management on mobile devices.
GhostDB: querying visible and hidden data without leaks.
Provenance in databases.
From complete to incomplete information and back.
ADO.NET entity framework: raising the level of abstraction in data programming.
MIDST: model independent schema and data translation.
Benchmarking declarative approximate selection predicates.
Fast data stream algorithms using associative memories.
Scalable network distance browsing in spatial databases.
DB&IR: both sides now.
From del.icio.us to x.qui.site: recommendations in social tagging sites.
Approximate embedding-based subsequence matching of time series.
OLTP through the looking glass, and what we found there.
ProSem: scalable wide-area publish/subscribe.
An xml index advisor for DB2.
Graph summarization with bounded error.
XArch: archiving scientific and reference data.
A case for flash memory ssd in enterprise database applications.
Spatial indexing in microsoft SQL server 2008.
MCDB: a monte carlo approach to managing uncertain data.
OLAP on sequence data.
Interactive generation of integrated schemas.
Middleware-based database replication: the gaps between theory and practice.
Introduction to recommender systems.
Cost-based variable-length-gram selection for string collections to support approximate queries efficiently.
Query biased snippet generation in XML search.
Damia: data mashups for intranet applications.
Configuration-parametric query optimization for physical design tuning.
Angle-based space partitioning for efficient parallel skyline computation.
Categorical skylines for streaming data.
Cooperative XPath caching.
Corrigendum to "efficient similarity search and classification via rank aggregation" by Ronald Fagin, Ravi Kumar and D. Sivakumar (proc. SIGMOD'03).
Minimization of tree pattern queries with constraints.
Incorporating string transformations in record matching.
Query efficiency in probabilistic XML models.
NAGA: harvesting, searching and ranking knowledge.
.NET database programmability and extensibility in microsoft SQL server.
Bootstrapping pay-as-you-go data integration systems.
UQBE: uncertain query by example for web service mashup.
Preservation of proximity privacy in publishing numerical sensitive data.
Just-in-time query retrieval over partially indexed data on structured P2P overlays.
Privacy-MaxEnt: integrating background knowledge in privacy quantification.
HERMES: aggregative LBS via a trajectory DB engine.
Capacity constrained assignment in spatial databases.
The DBO database system.
Query-aware partitioning for monitoring massive network data streams.
Dynamic anonymization: accurate statistical analysis with privacy preservation.
XRPC: distributed XQuery and update processing with heterogeneous XQuery engines.
Effective and efficient semantic web data management over DB2.
Dynamic programming strikes back.
Efficient bulk insertion into a distributed ordered table.
Provenance and scientific workflows: challenges and opportunities.
Information fusion in wireless sensor networks.
Automatic virtual machine configuration for database workloads.
Helping satisfy multiple objectives during a service desk conversation.
Querying continuous functions in a database system.
Efficient lineage tracking for scientific workflows.
Extreme data mining.
Private queries in location based services: anonymizers are not necessary.
Mining relationships among interval-based events for classification.
Adding magic to an optimising datalog compiler.
Sampling time-based sliding windows in bounded space.
Oracle database replay.
Clip: a tool for mapping hierarchical schemas.
Tinycasper: a privacy-preserving aggregate location monitoring system in wireless sensor networks.
An efficient filter for approximate membership checking.
Querying and re-using workflows with VsTrails.
Handling data skew in parallel joins in shared-nothing systems.
Discovering topical structures of databases.
Serializable isolation for snapshot databases.
Object/relational mapping 2008: hibernate and the entity data model (edm).
ARCube: supporting ranking aggregate queries in partially materialized data cubes.
Stretch 'n' shrink: resizing queries to user preferences.
Efficient storage scheme and query processing for supply chain management using RFID.
Freebase: a collaboratively created graph database for structuring human knowledge.
Ranking queries on uncertain data: a probabilistic threshold approach.
Skippy: a new snapshot indexing method for time travel in the storage manager.
Optimizing complex queries with multiple relation instances.
Outlier-robust clustering using independent components.
STB-tree: a self-tunable spatio-temporal b-tree index for moving objects.
SchemaScope: a system for inferring and cleaning XML schemas.
Column-stores vs. row-stores: how different are they really?
Toward best-effort information extraction.
Multi-tenant databases for software as a service: schema-mapping techniques.
CRD: fast co-clustering on large datasets utilizing sampling-based matrix decomposition.
Efficient EMD-based similarity search in multimedia databases via flexible dimensionality reduction.
BibNetMiner: mining bibliographic information networks.
Keyword proximity search in complex data graphs.
XQuery in the browser.
Extreme streaming: business optimization driving algorithmic challenges.
Mining significant graph patterns by leap search.
Scalable regular expression matching on data streams.
The Spicy system: towards a notion of mapping quality.
CSV: visualizing and mining cohesive subgraphs.
Muse: a system for understanding and designing mappings.
Enriching topic-based publish-subscribe systems with related content.
Stream firewalling of xml constraints.
Towards identity anonymization on graphs.
Efficient pattern matching over event streams.
Generating targeted queries for database testing.
Efficient algorithms for exact ranked twig-pattern matching over graphs.
Extreme visualization: squeezing a billion records into a million pixels.
SQAK: doing more with keywords.
On efficient top-k query processing in highly distributed environments.
Event queries on correlated probabilistic streams.
Sampling cube: a framework for statistical olap over sampling data.
Efficiently answering reachability queries on very large directed graphs.
Efficient aggregation for graph summarization.
A graph method for keyword-based selection of the top-K databases.
Pig latin: a not-so-foreign language for data processing.
A demonstration of Cascadia through a digital diary application.
Finding frequent items in probabilistic data.
Ad-hoc aggregations of ranked lists in the presence of hierarchies.
Building a database on S3.
EASE: an effective 3-in-1 keyword search method for unstructured, semi-structured and structured data.
Borealis-R: a replication-transparent stream processing system for wide-area monitoring applications.
Efficient and scalable statistics gathering for large databases in Oracle 11g.
Supporting OLAP operations over imperfectly integrated taxonomies.
The Demaq system: declarative development of distributed applications.
SEMMO: a scalable engine for massively multiplayer online games.
SGL: a scalable language for data-driven games.
Monochromatic and bichromatic reverse skyline search over uncertain databases.
XML query optimization in the presence of side effects.
Automated Selection of Materialized Views and Indexes in SQL Databases.
FIX: Feature-based Indexing Technique for XML Documents.
An Interval Classifier for Database Mining Applications.
Composite Subset Measures.
Data Sharing Analysis for a Database Programming Lanaguage via Abstract Interpretation.
The WorlInfo Assistant: Spatio-Temporal Information Integration on the Web.
XML Full-Text Search: Challenges and Opportunities.
Supporting Exceptions to Schema Consistency to Ease Schema Evolution in OODBMS.
Direct Algorithms for Computing the Transitive Closure of Database Relations.
Analyzing Quantitative Databases: Image is Everything.
Using Formal Methods to Reason about Semantics-Based Decompositions of Transactions.
Efficient Incremental Garbage Collection for Client-Server Object Database Systems.
Improving Performance with Bulk-Inserts in Oracle R-Trees.
Analyzing energy behavior of spatial access methods for memory-resident data.
An Empirical Performance Study of the Ingres Search Accelerator for a Large Property Management Database System.
PicoDBMS: Validation and Experience.
Memory Requirements for Query Execution in Highly Constrained Devices.
Management Of Schema Evolution In Databases.
User-Optimizer Communication using Abstract Plans in Sybase ASE.
Improving Adaptable Similarity Query Processing by Using Approximations.
Using Flexible Transactions to Support Multi-System Telecommunication Applications.
Modelling Events a Data Base Application Design
Random Sampling from Pseudo-Ranked B+ Trees.
The C-based Database Programming Language Jasmine/C.
Approximate Encoding for Direct Access and Query Processing over Compressed Bitmaps.
Future research directions: Evidence from this conference.
Efficient Exact Set-Similarity Joins.
Resource Sharing in Continuous Sliding-Window Aggregates.
An Optimized Backout Mechanism for Sequential Updates.
Optimization for Spatial Query Processing.
Scalable Sweeping-Based Spatial Join.
Xquec: Pushing Queries to Compressed XML Data.
ULoad: Choosing the Right Storage for Your XML Application.
On the Properties of Extended Inclusion Dependencies.
Operations and the Properties on Non-First-Normal-Form Relational Databases.
A Commercial Back-End Data Base System
The Information Preserving Properties of Relational Database Transformations.
Efficient Search in Very Large Databases.
An Integration Framework for Sensor Networks and Data Stream Management Systems.
On Correctly Configuring Versioned Objects.
REED: Robust, Efficient Filtering and Event Detection in Sensor Networks.
Hybrid Transitive Closure Algorithms.
Providing Time-Related Constraints for Conventional Database Systems.
Watermarking Relational Databases.
Scheduling Real-time Transactions: a Performance Evaluation.
Hippocratic Databases.
Scheduling Real-Time Transactions with Disk Resident Data.
Fast Similarity Search in the Presence of Noise, Scaling, and Translation in Time-Series Databases.
Administration and Autonomy in a Replication-Transparent Distributed DBMS.
Querying Shapes of Histories.
Semantic Overlay Networks.
Whither Data Mining?
Indexing Data-oriented Overlay Networks.
Fast Algorithms for Mining Association Rules in Large Databases.
A Middleware for Fast and Flexible Sensor Network Deployment.
Information Processing for CAD/VLSI on a Generalized Data Management System.
KODA - The Architecture And Interface of a Data Model Independent Kernel.
XML Repository and Active Views Demonstration.
Historical Multi-Media Databases.
P*TIME: Highly Scalable OLTP DBMS for Managing Update-Intensive Stream Workload.
Schema-driven Customization of Web Services.
BANKS: Browsing and Keyword Searching in Relational Databases.
COMA - A System for Flexible Combination of Schema Matching Approaches.
An Electronic Patient Record "on Steroids": Distributed, Peer-to-Peer, Secure and Privacy-conscious.
XCheck: A Platform for Benchmarking XQuery Engines.
Active Views for Electronic Commerce.
DB2 Spatial Extender - Spatial data within the RDBMS.
Quasi Serializability: a Correctness Criterion for Global Concurrency Control in InterBase.
Managing Distributed Workspaces with Active XML.
An Extensible Object-Oriented Approach to Databases for VLSI/CAD.
Active XML: Peer-to-Peer Data and Web Services Integration.
Storage and Querying of E-Commerce Data.
Querying and Updating the File.
Database Technologies for Electronic Commerce.
Update Semantics for Incomplete Databases.
On the Computation of Multidimensional Aggregates.
Incremental Maintenance for Materialized Views over Semistructured Data.
Scalable Continuous Query Processing by Tracking Hotspots.
StreamMiner: A Classifier Ensemble-based Engine to Mine Concept-drifting Data Streams.
Towards DBMSs for Supporting New Applications.
Networked Query Processing for Distributed Stream-Based Applications.
Transactions in Relational Databases (Preliminary Report).
Cost-Based Query Transformation in Oracle.
Estimating the Selectivity of XML Path Expressions for Internet Scale Applications.
Database Tuning Advisor for Microsoft SQL Server 2005.
Automated Statistics Collection in DB2 UDB.
Trio: A System for Data, Uncertainty, and Lineage.
Navigating large-scale semi-structured data in business portals.
Database Architecture for New Hardware.
Disseminating Updates on Broadcast Disks.
Weaving Relations for Cache Performance.
Aqua: A Fast Decision Support Systems Using Approximate Query Answers.
DBMSs on a Modern Processor: Where Does Time Go?
Push Technology Personalization through Event Correlation.
Query Co-Processing on Commodity Processors.
Derived Relations: A Unified Mechanism for Views, Snapshots, and Distributed Data
Fine-Grained Replication and Scheduling with Freshness and Correctness Guarantees.
Management of Complex Objects as Dynamic Forms.
Data Staging for On-Demand Broadcast.
Issues in Distributed Data Base Management Systems: A Technical Overview.
OQL: A Query Language for Manipulating Object-oriented Databases.
An Object Data Model with Roles.
A Distributed Data Base System Using Logical Relational Machines.
A Modularization Mechanism for Conceptual Modeling.
Database Snapshots.
On k-Anonymity and the Curse of Dimensionality.
A Relationship Mechanism for a Strongly Typed Object-Oriented Database Programming Language.
On Biased Reservoir Sampling in the Presence of Stream Evolution.
On Maintaining Priorities in a Production Rule System.
Toward Recovery-Oriented Computing.
Vision Paper: Enabling Privacy for the Paranoids.
Algebraic Properties of Bag Data Types.
A Framework for Clustering Evolving Data Streams.
SPIDER: a Schema mapPIng DEbuggeR.
A Framework for Projected Clustering of High Dimensional Data Streams.
NILE-PDT: A Phenomenon Detection and Tracking Framework for Data Stream Management Systems.
An Automated System for Web Portal Personalization.
Distributed Processing over Stand-alone Systems and Applications.
Building knowledge-based applications with cooperating databases.
A One-Pass Algorithm for Accurately Estimating Quantiles for Disk-Resident Data.
Reducing Storage for Quorum Consensus Algorithms.
Cache Tables: Paving the Way for an Adaptive Database Cache.
The Tree Quorum Protocol: An Efficient Approach for Managing Replicated Data.
Efficient Filtering of XML Documents for Selective Dissemination of Information.
Resilient Logical Structures for Efficient Management of Replicated Data.
DataBlitz: A High Performance Main-Memory Storage Manager.
Auditing Compliance with a Hippocratic Database.
A Transaction Replication Scheme for a Replicated Database with Node Autonomy.
Interactive Schema Translation with Instance-Level Mappings.
Incremental Schema Matching.
OBK - An Online High Energy Physics' Meta-Data Repository.
Bulk-Loading Techniques for Object Databases and an Application to Relational Data.
Personalizing XML Text Search in PimenT.
Phrase Matching in XML.
Structure and Content Scoring for XML.
Eliminating Fuzzy Duplicates in Data Warehouses.
System D: A Distributed System for Availability.
Structure and Implementation of a Relational Query Language for the Problem Solver.
Linear Road: A Stream Data Management Benchmark.
Application of Sparse Matrix Techniques to Search, Retrieval, Classification and Relationship Analysis in Large Data Base Systems - SPARCOM.
Adaptable Similarity Search using Non-Relevant Information.
Garbage Collection in Object Oriented Databases Using Transactional Cyclic Reference Counting.
A Theory of Timestamp-Based Concurrency Control for Nested Transactions.
The XPS Approach to Loading and Unloading Terabyte Databases.
Programming Languages and Databases.
Specifying and Enforcing Intertask Dependencies.
Independent Database Schemes under Functional and Inclusion Dependencies.
To Weave the Web.
Approximate Matching of Hierarchical Data Using pq-Grams.
An Incrementally Maintainable Index for Approximate Lookups in Hierarchical Data.
The ADAPT System: A Generalized Approach Towards Data Conversion.
The Role Concept in Data Models.
The Analysis of the Effects of Concurrency Control on Distributed Database System Performance.
The Continued Saga of DB-IR Integration.
WS-CatalogNet: An Infrastructure for Creating, Peering, and Querying e-Catalog Communities.
Interactive Specification and Formal Verification of User's Views in Data Bases Design.
Multi-objective Query Processing for Database Systems.
On the Path to Efficient XML Queries.
A System for Keyword Proximity Search on XML Databases.
ObjectRank: Authority-Based Keyword Search in Databases.
A Framework for Using Materialized XPath Views in XML Query Processing.
Hypothetical Queries in an OLAP Environment.
Specification-Based Computing Environments.
A Scalable and Highly Available Networked Database Architecture.
Architecture of Oracle Parallel Server.
Object Database Morphology.
FAD, a Powerful and Simple Database Language.
A Model of CAD Transactions.
On Line Processing of Compacted Relations.
Protection of Information in Relational Data Bases.
Independent Components of Databases
Hardware Acceleration in Commercial Databases: A Case Study of Spatial Operations.
A Database Platform for Bioinformatics.
Performance Study of a Database Machine in Supporting Relational Databases.
Approximating Aggregate Queries about Web Pages via Random Walks.
Materialized Views Selection in a Multidimensional Database.
An Algebraic Approach to Rule Analysis in Expert Database Systems.
The Type Concept in Office Document Retrieval.
Designing Information-Preserving Mapping Schemes for XML.
Operations Data Bases.
A Practical and Modular Implementation of Extended Transaction Models.
SIREN: A Similarity Retrieval Engine for Complex Data.
An Effective Deductive Object-Oriented Database Through Language Integration.
Benefits of Path Summaries in an XML Query Optimizer Supporting Multiple Access Methods.
Performance of Future Database Systems: Bottlenecks and Bonananzas
A Non-Uniform Data Fragmentation Strategy for Parallel Main-Menory Database Systems.
IO-Top-k: Index-access Optimized Top-k Query Processing.
Building Scalable Internet Applications with Oracle8i Server.
On Searching Transposed Files (Abstract).
Molecular Objects, Abstract Data Types, and Data Models: A Framework.
A Deductive Method for Entity-Relationship Modeling.
Panel: Is Generic Metadata Management Feasible?
A Database System for Real-Time Event Aggregation in Telecommunication.
The Microsoft Repository.
Large-Scale, Standards-Based Earth Observation Imagery and Web Mapping Services.
Context-Based Prefetch for Implementing Objects on Relations.
Spatio-Temporal Retrieval with RasDaMan.
Geo/Environmental and Medical Data Management in the RasDaMan System.
Fast Maintenance of Semantic Integrity Assertions Using Redundant Aggregate Data.
Advances in Memory Technology.
Visual Web Information Extraction with Lixto.
An Overview of Repository Technology.
A Model of Queries for Object-Oriented Databases.
Supervised Wrapper Generation with Lixto.
Supporting Periodic Authorizations and Temporal Reasoning in Database Access Control.
Privacy-Preserving Indexing of Documents on the Network.
View Management in Distributed Data Base Systems.
Document Management as a Database Problem.
Value-cognizant Speculative Concurrency Control.
Distributed Concurrency Control in Database Systems.
Provisions and Obligations in Policy Management and Security Applications.
On the Encipherment of Search Trees and Random Access Files.
Inference of Concise DTDs from XML Data.
Collections of Objects in SQL3.
An Annotation Management System for Relational Databases.
The Integrated Data Model: A Database Perspective.
Adaptable Recovery Using Dynamic Quorum Assignments.
A Sophisticate's Introduction to Database Normalization Theory.
Achieving Zero Information-Loss in a Classical Database Environment.
Querying Business Processes.
Technology Challenges in a Data Warehouse.
Comprehensive Approach to the Design of Relational Database Schemes.
TPC-D: The Challenges, Issues and Results.
Object Fusion in Geographic Information Systems.
SIRIUS: A French Nationwide Project on Distributed Data Bases.
A Model for Active Object Oriented Databases.
Efficient Query Processing for Multi-Dimensionally Clustered Tables in DB2.
A Resource Class Independent Deadlock Detection Algorithm
An Analysis of Three Transaction Processing Architectures.
Returning Modified Rows - SELECT Statements with Side Effects.
Automatic Data Fusion with HumMer.
MOBY: An Architecture for Distributed Expert Database Systems.
Universal Relation Views: A Pragmatic Approach.
A Data Manipulation Language for Relational Data Structures.
Database Publication Practices.
Materialized Views in Oracle.
Database Tools and Interfaces.
Estimating the Selectivity of Spatial Queries Using the `Correlation' Fractal Dimension.
Benchmarking Database Systems A Systematic Approach.
MINERVA: Collaborative P2P Search.
What does Boyce-Codd Normal Form Do?
Object-Oriented Database Systems: Promises, Reality, and Future.
DTD-Directed Publishing with Attribute Translation Grammars.
Timestamp-Based Algorithms for Concurrency Control in Distributed Database Systems.
Conversational Aspects of Database Interactions.
Information Integration: The MOMIS Project Demonstration.
A Sophisticate's Introduction to Distributed Concurrency Control (Invited Paper).
An Extended Relational Database Model for Uncertain and Imprecise Information.
ULDBs: Databases with Uncertainty and Lineage.
Panel: One Platform for Mining Structured & Unstructured Data: Dream or Reality?
Retrieval of Relational Structures for Image Sequence Analysis.
Implementing Mapping Composition.
The Implementation of GERM, An Entity-Relationship Data Base Management System
Disk Shadowing.
Type-Based XML Projection.
Content-Based Routing: Different Plans for Different Data.
Automatic Composition of Transition-based Semantic Web Services with Messaging.
Formalization of Database Systems - and a Formal Definition of IMS (Invited Paper).
The X-tree : An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Data
Updating Derived Relations: Detecting Irrelevant and Autonomously Computable Updates.
An Evaluation of Generic Bulk Loading Techniques.
Basis of a Partially Informed Distributed Database.
Query Processing Techniques for Multiversion Access Methods.
Media360 Workflow-Implementing a Workflow Engine Inside a Database.
A Generic Approach to Bulk Loading Multidimensional Index Structures.
An Iterative Method for Distributed Database Design.
Evaluation and Optimization.
Updating Replicated Data During Communications Failures.
Implementing a Three Schema DBMS Framework.
R-Tree Based Indexing of Now-Relative Bitemporal Data.
Xcerpt and visXcerpt: From Pattern-Based to Visual Querying of XML and Semistructured Data.
Flexible and scalable digital library search.
CS4: A Tool for Database Design by Infological Simulation (Abstract).
LegoDB: Customizing Relational Storage for XML Documents.
PC Database Systems - Present and Future.
STDL - A Portable Language for Transaction Processing.
Efficient Evaluation of XQuery over Streaming Data.
Managing Data from High-Throughput Genomic Processing: A Case Study.
An Almost-Serial Protocol for Transaction Execution in Main-Memory Database Systems.
Information, Communication, and Money: For What Can We Charge and How Can We Meter It?
Microsoft English Query 7.5: Automatic Extraction of Semantics from Relational Databases and OLAP Cubes.
Multiversion Query Locking.
Logic Programming Environments for Large Knowledge Bases: A Practical Perspective (Abstract).
Putting Context into Schema Matching.
Information Preserving XML Schema Embedding.
An Architecture and Data Model for CAD Databases.
Semantic Integration in Heterogeneous Databases Using Neural Networks.
Optimizing View Queries in ROLEX to Support Navigable Result Trees.
Indexing and Querying XML Data for Regular Path Expressions.
Logical and Physical Versioning in Main Memory Databases.
Web Services (Industrial Session).
Coalescing in Temporal Databases.
Applying Database Technology in the ADSM Mass Storage System.
Fast Evaluation Techniques for Complex Similarity Queries.
Data Management for Real-Time Systems.
Computing Frequent Itemsets Inside Oracle 10G.
Certification by Intervals of Timestamps in Distributed Database Systems.
Containment of Conjunctive Object Meta-Queries.
Pathfinder: XQuery - The Relational Way.
Deferring Updates in a Relational Data Base System
Database Architecture Optimized for the New Bottleneck: Memory Access.
Production Database Systems: Making Them Easy is Hard Work.
The Drill Down Benchmark.
The New Locking, Logging, and Recovery Architecture of Microsoft SQL Server 7.0.
Warehousing Workflow Data: Challenges and Opportunities.
Obtaining Progressive Protocols for a Simple Multiversion Database Model.
A Conceptual Model for Dynamic Clustering in Object Databases.
HePToX: Marrying XML and Heterogeneity in Your P2P Databases.
View Invalidation for Dynamic Content Caching in Multitiered Architectures.
Database Machine Morphology.
AFilter: Adaptable XML Filtering with Prefix-Caching and Suffix-Clustering.
Data Models and Data Manipulation Languages: Complementary Semantics and Proof Theory
Toto, We're Not in Kansas Anymore: On Transitioning from Research to the Real (Invited Industrial Talk).
Accommodating Exceptions in Databases, and Refining the Schema by Learning from them.
O-O, What Have They Done to DB2?
Query Processing in the AquaLogic Data Services Platform.
Of Objects and Databases: A Decade of Turmoil
Data Model Equivalence.
Object and File Management in the EXODUS Extensible Database System.
Integrating Automatic Data Acquisition with Business Processes - Experiences with SAP's Auto-ID Infrastructure.
PESTO : An Integrated Query/Browser for Object Databases.
Transaction Monitoring in ENCOMPASS: Reliable Distributed Transaction Processing
Priority in DBMS Resource Scheduling.
Robustness to Crash in a Distributed Database: A Non Shared-memory Multi-Processor Approach.
Reducing the Braking Distance of an SQL Query Engine.
Data Routing Rather than Databases: The Meaning of the Next Wave of the Web Revolution to Data Management.
Distributed Concurrency Control Performance: A Study of Algorithms, Distribution, and Replication.
Adaptive Predicate Managers in Database Systems.
Translating and Optimizing SQL Queries Having Aggregates.
Miro Web: Integrating Multiple Data Sources through Semistructured Data Types.
XPERANTO: Middleware for Publishing Object-Relational Data as XML Documents.
Dynamic Load Balancing in Hierarchical Parallel Database Systems.
The Performance of Concurrency Control Algorithms for Database Management Systems.
Client-Based Access Control Management for XML documents.
An Incremental Join Attachment for Starburst.
Chip-Secured Data Access: Reconciling Access Rights with Data Encryption.
Bank of America Case Study: The Information Currency Advantage.
Chip-Secured Data Access: Confidential Data on Untrusted Servers.
The Problem of Multiple Paths in a Database Schema.
New Strategies for Computing the Transitive Closure of a Database Relation.
Ontology-based Support for Digital Government.
Using Partial Evaluation in Distributed Query Evaluation.
Some Experimental Results on Distributed Join Algorithms in a Local Network.
Database Design Tools: An Expert System Approach.
Plan-Per-Tuple Optimization Solution - Parallel Execution of Expensive User-Defined Functions.
Semantic Modeling of Object Oriented Databases.
Active Storage Hierarchy, Database Systems and Applications - Socratic Exegesis.
Work and Information Practices in the Sciences of Biodiversity.
A Data Transformation System for Biological Data Sources.
Decision Tables: Scalable Classification Exploring RDBMS Capabilities.
From XML View Updates to Relational View Updates: old solutions to a new problem.
Aggregate Maintenance for Data Warehousing in Informix Red Brick Vista.
Efficient Detection of Empty-Result Queries.
On Map-Matching Vehicle Tracking Data.
Using Large Data Bases for Interactive Problem Solving.
Effects of Database Size on Rule System Performance: Five Case Studies.
OLAP Over Uncertain and Imprecise Data.
LoPiX: A System for XML Data Integration and Manipulation.
Hashing Methods and Relational Algebra Operations.
Telcordia's Database Reconciliation and Data Quality Analysis Tool.
Online Scaling in a Highly Available Database.
Monitoring Streams - A New Class of Data Management Applications.
Evaluating Functional Joins Along Nested Reference Sets in Object-Relational and Object-Oriented Databases.
Efficient Allocation Algorithms for OLAP Over Imprecise Data.
Integrating Reliable Memory in Databases.
Interoperability In Multidatabases: Semantic and System Issues (Panel).
The Propel Distributed Services Platform.
Transaction and Catalog Management of the Distributed File Management System DISCO.
Operator Scheduling in a Data Stream Manager.
The Oracle Universal Server Buffer.
Enforcing Inclusion Dependencies and Referencial Integrity.
Using Latency-Recency Profiles for Data Delivery on the Web.
Optimization of Relational Schemas Containing Inclusion Dependencies.
Near Neighbor Search in Large Metric Spaces.
Improving Business Process Quality through Exception Understanding, Prediction, and Prevention.
The Impact of Global Clustering on Spatial Database Systems.
Process Automation as the Foundation for E-Business.
Panel: Future Directions of Database Research - The VLDB Broadening Strategy, Part 2.
A Temporal Framework for Database Specifications.
Illuminating the Dark Side of Web Services.
PSYCHO: A Prototype System for Pattern Management.
Data Abstraction, Databases and Conceptual Modelling.
Concept Description Language for Statistical Data Modeling.
Standardization and the Relational Approach to Databases: An ANSI Task Group Status Report.
Operating System Extensions for the Teradata Parallel VLDB.
On Modelling Behavioural Semantics of Databases
OS Support for VLDBs: Unix Enhancements for the Teradata Data Base.
Issues in Network Management in the Next Millennium.
The Theory of Probabilistic Databases.
What is the Use of Abstract Data Types?
The Query Optimizer in Tandem's new ServerWare SQL Product.
Toward Practical Constraint Databases.
Consistency of Versions in Object-Oriented Databases.
A Knowledge-Based Approach to Data Management for Intelligent User Interfaces.
Locking with Prevention of Cyclic and Infinite Restarting in Distributed Database Systems.
Fast Incremental Indexing for Full-Text Information Retrieval.
Practical Applications of Triggers and Constraints: Success and Lingering Issues (10-Year Award).
Managing Memory to Meet Multiclass Workload Response Time Goals.
Data-Driven, One-To-One Web Site Generation for Data-Intensive Applications.
A Prototype Content-Based Retrieval System that Uses Virtual Images to Save Space.
Translation and Optimization of Logic Queries: The Algebraic Approach.
Towards Automated Performance Tuning for Complex Workloads.
Constructing and integrating data-centric Web Applications: Methods, Tools, and Techniques.
LAURA: A Formal Data Model and her Logical Design Methodology.
Optimization of Systems of Algebraic Equations for Evaluating Datalog Queries.
BigSur: A System For the Management of Earth Science Data.
Deriving Production Rules for Constraint Maintainance.
An Optimizable Model for Application of Rollback/Restart/Recovery Procedures for Large Data Bases.
Deriving Production Rules for Incremental View Maintenance.
Flexible Database Generators.
Production Rules in Parallel and Distributed Database Environments.
To Tune or not to Tune? A Lightweight Physical Design Alerter.
Managing Semantic Heterogeneity with Production Rules and Persistent Queues.
Checking Consistency of Database Constraints: a Logical Basis.
Partial-Match Queries and File Designs.
Efficient and Effective Clustering Methods for Spatial Data Mining.
UNIBASE - An Integrated Access to Databases.
Cache-Conscious Concurrency Control of Main-Memory Indexes on Shared-Memory Multiprocessor Systems.
MDL Summarization with Holes.
Globalization: Challenges to Database Community.
Validation and Verification Aspects of Information Modeling.
Kaleidoscope Data Model for An English-like Query Language.
On the Role of `Understanding Models' in Conceptual Schema Design.
Efficiently Linking Text Documents with Relevant Structured Information.
Data Base Design Tools.
A Database Approach to Modelling and Managing Security Information
Maximizing Buffer and Disk Utilizations for News On-Demand.
Efficient Management of Multiversion Documents by Object Referencing.
Searching and Mining Fine-Grained Semi-Structured Data.
The Rebound Sorter: An Efficient Sort Engine for Large Files.
On-the-Fly, Incremental, Consistent Reading of Entire Databases.
Distributed Hypertext Resource Discovery Through Examples.
TwigStack: Bottom-up Processing of Generalized-Tree-Pattern Queries over XML Documents.
The Principle of Commitment Ordering, or Guaranteeing Serializability in a Heterogeneous Environment of Multiple Autonomous Resource Mangers Using Atomic Commitment.
Using Taxonomy, Discriminants, and Signatures for Navigating in Text Databases.
Using Segmented Right-Deep Trees for the Execution of Pipelined Hash Joins.
Home Network: Road to Ubiquitous World.
Approximate Query Processing Using Wavelets.
OntoQuest: Exploring Ontological Data Made Easy.
Ambient Intelligence with the Ubiquitous Network, the Embedded Computer Devices and the Hidden Databases (abstract).
Local Dimensionality Reduction: A New Approach to Indexing High Dimensional Spaces.
On The Marriage of Lp-norms and Edit Distance.
Application Program Conversion due to Data Base Changes.
Fast and Accurate Text Classification via Multiple Linear Discriminant Projections.
Declustering Objects for Visualization.
Associative Programming in CASSM and its Applications.
Mining Surprising Patterns Using Temporal Description Length.
Adaptive Database Buffer Allocation Using Query Feedback.
Memex: A Browsing Assistant for Collaborative Archiving and Mining of Surf Trails.
Declustering Databases on Heterogeneous Disk Systems.
Data Base Machines: System Evaluation and Conversion Issues
Composite Events for Active Databases: Semantics, Contexts and Detection.
Bellwether Analysis: Predicting Global Aggregates from Local Regions.
Dynamic Constraints and Object Migration.
Multiple Query Processing in Deductive Databases using Query Graphs.
Design and Performance Tools for Data Base Systems.
A Temporal Knowledge Representation Model OSAM*/T and Its Query Language OQL/T.
A History of System R and SQL/Data System (Invited Paper)
Loadstar: Load Shedding in Data Stream Mining.
Dynamic Data Distribution (D) in a Shared-Nothing Multiprocessor Data Store.
Update Synchronization in Distributed Databases.
CASSM: A Cellular System for Very Large Data Bases.
Panel: Directions in Database Research.
Efficient Structural Joins on Indexed XML Documents.
Storage and Access Structures to Support a Semantic Data Model.
Extended Set Theory.
Supporting a Semantic Data Model in a Distributed Database System.
Inexpensive Large Capacity Storage will Revolutionize the Design of Database Management Systems.
Tree Pattern Aggregation for Scalable XML Data Dissemination.
Towards on Open Architecture for LDL.
Taming XPath Queries by Minimizing Wildcard Steps.
Analysis of VSAM's Free-Space Behavior.
RE-Tree: An Efficient Index Structure for Regular Expressions.
A Formal Perspective on the View Selection Problem.
Hierarchical Prefix Cubes for Range-Sum Queries.
Debugging Schema Mappings with Routes.
Extensible Buffer Management of Indexes.
Content-Based Image Indexing.
SUBJECT: A Directory Driven System for Organizing and Accessing Large Statistical Databases
Optimizing the Secure Evaluation of Twig Queries.
Managing Temporal Financial Data in an Extensible Database.
Implementation of Two Semantic Query Optimization Techniques in DB2 Universal Database.
Parallel Algorithms and Their Implementation in MICRONET.
Streaming Queries over Streaming Data.
Adaptive Stream Filters for Entity-based Queries with Non-Value Tolerance.
A Less Costly Constraints Checking for Join Dependency.
Remembrance of Streams Past: Overload-Sensitive Management of Archived Streams.
An Efficient and Scalable Approach to CNN Queries in a Road Network.
Models of Distributed Systems.
The Evolution of the Web and Implications for an Incremental Crawler.
On Bubble Memories and Relational Data Base.
MIX: A Meta-data Indexing System for XML.
A Heuristic Approach to Distributed Query Processing.
Effective Change Detection Using Sampling.
Approximate Query Translation Across Heterogeneous Information Sources.
Design and Implementation of a Genetic-Based Algorithm for Data Mining.
Effective Memory Use in a Media Server.
A Uniform System for Publishing and Maintaining XML Data.
A Signature Access Method for the Starburst Database System.
An Efficient SQL-based RDF Querying Scheme.
Join Graphs and Acyclic Database Schemes
U-DBMS: A Database System for Managing Constantly-Evolving Data.
A Bandwidth Model for Internet Search.
Querying Multiple Features of Groups in Relational Databases.
Efficient Indexing Methods for Probabilistic Threshold Queries over Uncertain Data.
Ordering Information, Conference Organizers, Program Committees, Additional Reviewers, Additional Demonstrations Reviewers, Sponsors, VLDB Endowment, Preface, Foreword.
Groupwise Processing of Relational Queries.
An Evaluation of Buffer Management Strategies for Relational Database Systems.
Temporal Relationships in Databases.
Data Management for Pervasive Computing.
Author Index.
Probabilistic Ranking of Database Query Results.
A Unifying Framework for Version Control in a CAD Environment.
Self-Managing Technology in Database Management Systems.
Principles of Optimally Placing Data in Tertiary Storage Libraries.
Evaluating Top- Selection Queries.
A Comparison of Self-Contained and Embedded Database Languages.
Primitives for Workload Summarization and Implications for SQL.
PicoDMBS: Scaling Down Database Techniques for the Smartcard.
Retrieval of Composite Multimedia Objects.
A Formalism for Extended Transaction Model.
An Efficient Cost-Driven Index Selection Tool for Microsoft SQL Server.
File Directory Design Considerations for Distributed Data Bases.
Storage and Retrieval of XML Data Using Relational Databases.
A Temporal Evolutionary Object-Oriented Data Model and Its Query Language for Medical Image Management.
Query Optimization in the Presence of Foreign Functions.
Entirely Declarative Sensor Network Systems.
Including Group-By in Query Optimization.
Dynamic Update Cube for Range-sum Queries.
Optimization of Queries with User-defined Predicates
M-tree: An Efficient Access Method for Similarity Search in Metric Spaces.
Rethinking Database System Architecture: Towards a Self-Tuning RISC-Style Database System.
Profiling and Internet Connectivity in Automotive Environments.
Foundations of Automated Database Tuning.
Optimizing Queries with Universal Quantification in Object-Oriented and Object-Relational Databases.
Towards an ODMG-Compliant Visual Object Query Language.
The External Schema and CODASYL.
Comparing Hierarchical Data in External Memory.
An External Schema Facility for CODASYL 1978.
On Index Selection Schemes for Nested Object Hierarchies.
Who needs XML Databases?
Managing RDFI Data.
Privacy-Enhanced Data Management for Next-Generation e-Commerce.
A Reliable Backend Using Multiattribute Clustering and Select-Join Operator.
Indexing in a Hypertext Database.
A Parallel Strategy for Transitive Closure usind Double Hash-Based Clustering.
A Multidatabase System for Tracking and Retrieval of Financial Data.
The Enity-Relationship Model: Toward a Unified View of Data.
Integrating Triggers and Declarative Constraints in SQL Database Sytems.
Computer Technology and the Database User.
A Practical Issue Concerning Very Large Data Bases: The Need for Query Governors.
Full Disjunctions: Polynomial-Delay Iterators in Action.
The Management of Dynamically Distributed Database Windows (Extended Abstract).
XSEarch: A Semantic Search Engine for XML.
Inspector Joins.
NAOS - Efficient and Modular Reactive Capabilities in an Object-Oriented Database System.
High Level Indexing of User-Defined Types.
Optimistic Intra-Transaction Parallelism on Chip Multiprocessors.
Prediction Cubes.
Needed: Distributed Control.
RRXF: Redundancy reducing XML storage in relations.
Database Selection Using Actual Physical and Acquired Logical Collection Resources in a Massive Domain-specific Operational Environment.
Stack-based Algorithms for Pattern Matching on DAGs.
Constructing Database Systems in a Persistent Environment.
Multi-Dimensional Regression Analysis of Time-Series Data Streams.
The Case For Safe RAM.
From Tree Patterns to Generalized Tree Patterns: On Efficient Evaluation of XQuery.
HiFi: A Unified Architecture for High Fan-in Systems.
VIPAS: Virtual Link Powered Authority Search in the Web.
A Fast Index for Semistructured Data.
Optimizing Star Queries in a Distributed Database System.
Comparing Data Streams Using Hamming Norms (How to Zero In).
Derived Data Update in Semantic Databases.
Sketching Streams Through the Net: Distributed Approximate Query Tracking.
HISA: A Query System Bridging The Semantic Gap For Large Image Databases.
An Automatic Data Grabber for Large Web Sites.
Inferring Function Semantics to Optimize Queries.
A Formal Model for Maximum Concurrency in Transaction Systems with Predeclared Writesets.
A Nanotechnology-based Approach to Data Storage.
Development of a Multimedia Information System for an Office Environment.
Streaming in a Connected World.
Finding Hierarchical Heavy Hitters in Data Streams.
Summarizing and Mining Inverse Distributions on Data Streams via Dynamic Inverse Sampling.
Integration of Buffer Management and Query Optimization in Relational Database Environment.
REFEREE: An Open Framework for Practical Testing of Recommender Systems using ResearchIndex.
Biodiversity Informatics Infrastructure: An Information Commons for the Biodiversity Community.
Temporal Integrity Constraints with Indeterminacy.
ENIAM: A More Complete Conceptual Schema Language.
AIM - An Integrity Monitor for the Database System INGRES.
Lifting the Burden of History from Adaptive Query Processing.
Lineage Tracing for General Data Warehouse Transformations.
Linking Business to Deliver Value: A Data Management Challenge.
Efficient Constraint Processing for Highly Personalized Location Based Services.
PIVOT and UNPIVOT: Optimization and Execution Strategies in an RDBMS.
Integrating SQL Databases with Content-Specific Search Engines.
Querying a Multilevel Database: A Logical Analysis.
DBMS Standards: Current Status and Future Directions.
Data Dictionaries: An Assessment of Current Practice and Problems
Physical Data Independence, Constraints, and Optimization with Universal Plans
Equivalence and Mapping of Database Schemes.
The NEXT Logical Framework for XQuery.
Selective Deferred Index Maintenance & Concurrency Control in Integrated Information Systems.
MARS: A System for Publishing XML from Mixed and Redundant Storage.
Integration of Time Versions into a Relational Database System.
An Implementation for Nested Relational Databases.
Rewriting XPath Queries Using Materialized Views.
Automatic SQL Tuning in Oracle 10g.
Query Processing for High-Volume XML Message Brokering.
SQL Memory Management in Oracle9i.
Toward Learning Based Web Query Processing.
Logical Design of Deductive Natural Language Consultable Data Bases.
Towards an Internet-Scale XML Dissemination Service.
IDBD - An Interactive Design Tool for CODASYL-DBTG-Type Data bases.
Design and Analysis of Integrated Concurrency-Coherence Controls.
A Processing Interface for Multiple External Schema Access to a Data Base Management System.
Rule Management in Object Oriented Databases: A Uniform Approach.
Efficient Query Evaluation on Probabilistic Databases.
Database De-Centralization - A Practical Approach.
Answering Queries from Statistics and Probabilistic Views.
Focused Crawling Using Context Graphs.
The Effect of Skewed Data Access on Buffer Hits and Data Contention an a Data Sharing Environment.
Self-similarity in the Web.
DTL's DataSpot: Database Exploration Using Plain Language.
Computing Geographical Scopes of Web Resources.
Semantic Data Caching and Replacement.
Bridging the Gap between OLAP and SQL.
VOODB: A Generic Discrete-Event Random Simulation Model To Evaluate the Performances of OODBs.
iDM: A Unified and Versatile Data Model for Personal Dataspace Management.
Supporting Ontology-Based Semantic matching in RDBMS.
iMeMex: Escapes from the Personal Information Jungle.
Distributed Set Expression Cardinality Estimation.
Progressive Merge Join: A Generic and Non-blocking Sort-based Join Algorithm.
Answering Top-k Queries Using Views.
Clustering Techniques for Minimizing External Path Length.
Reorganization Points for File Designs with Nonlinear Processing Costs.
Issues in Developing Very Large Data Warehouses.
Large Databases for Remote Sensing and GIS.
Mining Multi-Dimensional Constrained Gradients in Data Cubes.
A Non-Two-Phase Locking Protocol for Concurrency Control in General Databases.
Simlarity Search for Web Services.
Foundation Matters.
Containment of Nested XML Queries.
Locking and Recovery in a Shared Database System: An Application Programming Tutorial.
Probabilistic Optimization of Top N Queries.
An Introduction to the Unified Database Language (UDL).
An Experimental VM/370 Based Information System.
Referential Integrity
On the Algebraic Specification of Databases.
Design Principles of a Data Base System for Unlimited Quantities of Data with Highly Complex Structures.
A Kernel Design for a Secure Data Base Management System.
A Comparative Study of Alternative Middle Tier Caching Solutions to Support Dynamic Web Content Acceleration.
Data Base Management Systems Security and INGRES.
Curio: A Novel Solution for Efficient Storage and Indexing in Data Warehouses.
Meaningful Labeling of Integrated Query Interfaces.
Lazy Database Replication with Snapshot Isolation.
Discovering Web Services: An Overview.
Security and Privacy.
The Performance and Utility of the Cactis Implementation Algorithms.
Randomized Algorithms for Matrices and Massive Data Sets.
Memory-Contention Responsive Hash Joins.
ShreX: Managing XML Documents in Relational Databases.
Processing Queries Over Generalization Hierarchies in a Multidatabase System.
Query Optimization in a Heterogeneous DBMS.
Of Nests and Trees: A Unified Approach to Processing Queries That Contain Nested Subqueries, Aggregates, and Quantifiers.
The Long-Term Preservation of Authentic Electronic Records.
Industrial Panel on Data Warehousing Technologies: Experiences, Challenges, and Directions.
Demonstration: Enabling Scalable Online Personalization on the Web.
On the Updatability of Relational Views.
Information Retrieval from an Incomplete Data Cube.
Active Database Systems (Abstract).
Capturing and Querying Multiple Aspects of Semistructured Data.
Business Process Coordination: State of the Art, Trends, and Open Issues.
A Transactional Model for Long-Running Activities.
Tertiary Memory Access and Performance in the Datacomputer.
A Uniform Approach to Processing Temporal Queries.
DVSS: A Distributed Version Storage Server for CAD Applications.
Lightweight Flexible Isolation for Language-based Extensible Systems.
Towards a Spatial Query Language: User Interface Considerations.
What Do Those Weird XML Types Want, Anyway?
A Compression Technique for Large Statistical Data-Bases
A Study of Three Alternative Workstation-Server Architectures for Object Oriented Database Systems.
Efficient Access of Compressed Data.
Multiprocessor Hash-Based Join Algorithms.
Specification, Semantics, and Enforcement of Dynamic Database Constraints.
GAMMA - A High Performance Dataflow Database Machine.
Algebraic Specification Schemes for Data Base Systems.
A Performance Evaluation of Data Base Machine Architectures (Invited Paper)
A Methodology for the Design and Transformation of Conceptual Schemas.
Client-Server Paradise.
A Performance Evaluation of OID Mapping Techniques.
An Evaluation of Non-Equijoin Algorithms.
Finding Data in the Neighborhood.
Practical Skew Handling in Parallel Joins.
A Multidatabase Transaction Model for InterBase.
The Semantic Web: Semantics for Data on the Web.
The Time Index: An Access Structure for Temporal Data.
An Implementation of Impure Surrogates.
Conecptual Modeling Using and Extended E-R Model (Abstract).
Anyone for a VLDB in The Year 2000?
Efficiently Processing Queries on Interval-and-Value Tuples in Relational Databases.
A Strategy for Decomposing Complex Queries in a Heterogeneous DDB.
Analysis of Distributed Data Base Processing Strategies.
A 20/20 Vision of the VLDB-2020?
An Enduser Guidance Component for an Intelligent Data Base System.
Performance and Scalability of Client-Server Database Architectures.
The TEXTURE Benchmark: Measuring Performance of Text Queries on a Relational DBMS.
Data Base Theory and Modeling - Theoretical and Practical Aspects.
Non-Monotonic Knowledge Evolution in VLKDBs.
Program Analysis for Conversion from a Navigation to a Specification Database Interface.
Accurate and Efficient Crawling for Relevant Websites.
Semantic Checking of Questions Expressed in Predicate Calculus Language.
Incremental Clustering for Mining in a Data Warehousing Environment.
Estimation of the Number of Tuples Satisfying a Query Expressed in Predicate Calculus Language.
Functional Specifications of Subsystem for Database Integrity.
Cooperative Access to Data and Knowledge Baes (Abstract).
Model-Driven Data Acquisition in Sensor Networks.
The Power of Methods With Parallel Semantics.
Experiences in Federated Databases: From IRO-DB to MIRO-Web.
Adaptive Execution of Variable-Accuracy Functions.
The hBP-tree: A Modified hB-tree Supporting Concurrency, Recovery and Node Consolidation.
An Adaptive Algorithm for Incremental Evaluation of Production Rules in Databases.
The Decomposition Versus Synthetic Approach to Relational Database Design.
Efficient Implementation of Large-Scale Multi-Structural Databases.
Coexistence and Transformation of Data.
Sensor Data Mining: Similarity Search and Pattern Analysis.
Design of a Signature File Method that Accounts for Non-Uniform Occurrence and Query Frequencies.
Fast Text Access Methods for Optical and Large Magnetic Disks: Designs and Performance Comparison.
Analysis of n-Dimensional Quadtrees using the Hausdorff Fractal Dimension
On B-Tree Indices for Skewed Distributions.
Recovering Information from Summary Data.
Modeling Skewed Distribution Using Multifractals and the `80-20' Law.
Predictive Load Control for Flexible Buffer Allocation.
SMOQE: A System for Providing Secure Access to XML.
Query Translation from XPath to SQL in the Presence of Recursive DTDs.
The Idea of De-Clustering and its Applications.
Computing Iceberg Queries Efficiently.
Resource Scheduling in Enhanced Pay-Per-View Continuous Media Databases.
Query Execution and Index Selection for Relational Data Bases.
SPIRIT: Sequential Pattern Mining with Regular Expression Constraints.
Managing a DB2 Parallel Edition Database.
Scalablity and Availability in Oracle7 7.3.
Query Engines for Web-Accessible XML Data.
Data Base and Software Engineering - A Design Viewpoint.
Database Applications in Developing Countries.
Two Epoch Algorithms for Disaster Recovery.
Implementing Xquery 1.0: The Galax Experience.
Relational link-based ranking.
Definition and Evaluation of Access Rules in Data Management Systems.
On Optimal Node Splitting for R-trees.
Fast Time Sequence Indexing for Arbitrary Lp Norms.
Implementing Lazy Database Updates for an Object Database System.
Magic Functions: A Technique to Optimize Extended Datalog Recursive Programs.
Efficient Discovery of XML Data Redundancies.
Schema and Database Evolution in the O2 Object Database System.
Ode as an Active Database: Constraints and Triggers.
Heterogeneity in the Distributed Database Management System SIRIUS-DELTA.
OdeFS: A File System Interface to an Object-Oriented Database.
User Interfaces for Pictorial Data Bases
Composite Event Specification in Active Databases: Model & Implementation.
Using New Clues to Find Data.
RainForest - A Framework for Fast Decision Tree Construction of Large Datasets.
Determining when a Structure is a Nested Relation.
The Size of Projections of Relations Satisfying a Functional Dependency.
Problems/Challenges facing Industry Data Base Users.
A Dip in the Reservoir: Maintaining Sample Synopses of Evolving Datasets.
On the minimization of Xpath queries.
Italian Electronic Identity Card - principle and architecture.
Processing Object-Oriented Queries with Invertible Late Bound Functions.
Managing Complex Objects in an Extensible Relational DBMS.
The BEA/XQRL Streaming XQuery Processor.
DMS: A Parallel Data Mining Server.
Using Probabilistic Information in Data Integration.
Secure Buffering in Firm Real-Time Database Systems.
Is Web-site Management a Database Problem?
Conceptual and Internal Schemas in CODASYL.
Optimization of Run-time Management of Data Intensive Web-sites.
Keyword Access to a Mass Storage Device at the Record Level.
A Model and a Method for Logical Data Base Design.
Distributed Database Systems.
Optimizing Refresh of a Set of Materialized Views.
A Cost Model for Clustered Object-Oriented Databases.
Semantic Adaptation of Schema Mappings when Schemas Evolve.
High Performance Index Build Algorithms for Intranet Search Engines.
Hybrid-Range Partitioning Strategy: A New Declustering Strategy for Multiprocessor Database Machines.
Optimizing Random Retrievals from CLV format Optical Disks.
Object Placement in Parallel Hypermedia Systems.
Concepts for Design of an Information System Conceptual Schema and its Utilization in the REMORA Project.
Some Very Large Data Bases in Developing Countries.
Queries and Updates in the coDB Peer to Peer Database System.
Plan Selection Based on Query Clustering.
Application of DBMS to Land Information Systems
Cache-conscious Frequent Pattern Mining on a Modern Processor.
Global Memory Management in Client-Server Database Architectures.
Distinct Sampling for Highly-Accurate Answers to Distinct Values Queries and Event Reports.
Local Disk Caching for Client-Server Database Systems.
Fast Incremental Maintenance of Approximate Histograms.
Managing Systems That Manage Data.
Clustering Categorical Data: An Approach Based on Dynamical Systems.
Translating Aggregate Queries into Iterative Programs.
Discovering Large Dense Subgraphs in Massive Graphs.
Masking System Crashes in Database Application Programs.
Surfing Wavelets on Streams: One-Pass Summaries for Approximate Aggregate Queries.
Access to Objects by Path Expressions and Rules.
How to Summarize the Universe: Dynamic Maintenance of Quantiles.
Scaling and Time Warping in Time Series Querying.
nD-SQL: A Multi-Dimensional Language for Interoperability and OLAP.
Implementation of SQL3 Structured Types with Inheritance and Value Substitutability.
Data Manager for Evolvable Real-time Command and Control Systems.
A Probabilistic Framework for Vague Queries and Imprecise Information in Databases.
Interval Queries on Object Histories: Extended Abstract.
Constructing Efficient Decision Trees by Using Optimized Numeric Association Rules.
Similarity Search in High Dimensions via Hashing.
Parameter Free Bursty Events Detection in Text Streams.
Maximal Vector Computation in Large Data Sets.
An Efficient Implementation of a Relational Data Base.
GHOST: Fine Granularity Buffering of Indexes.
An Overview of The System Software of A Parallel Relational Database Machine GRACE.
Processing Sliding Window Multi-Joins in Continuous Queries over Data Streams.
A Theory of Correct Locking Protocols for Database Systems
The Private Workspace Model Feasibility and Applications to 2PL Performance Improvements.
ConQuer: A System for Efficient Querying Over Inconsistent Databases.
Processing Read-Only Queries Over Views With Generalization.
Nested Mappings: Schema Mapping Reloaded.
Cost-based Selection of Path Expression Processing Algorithms in Object-Oriented Databases.
Efficient Numerical Error Bounding for Replicated Network Services.
Qualified Answers That Reflect User Needs and Preferences.
Proximity Search in Databases.
Temporal Logic & Historical Databases.
DataGuides: Enabling Query Formulation and Optimization in Semistructured Databases.
Incomplete Information in Relational Temporal Databases.
Constraints on Null Values in Relational Databases
A Model of Methods Access Authorization in Object-oriented Databases.
Contrast Plots and P-Sphere Trees: Space vs. Time in Nearest Neighbour Searches.
Locating Data Sources in Large Distributed Systems.
Scheduling Algorithms for Avoiding Inconsistency in Large Databases.
Line Graph of Gamma-Acyclic Database Schems and its Recognition Algorithm.
Declarative Data Cleaning: Language, Model, and Algorithms.
Proving Consistency of Database Transactions.
Sponsors.
Database Change Notifications: Primitives for Efficient Database Query Result Caching.
Calibrating the Query Optimizer Cost Model of IRO-DB, an Object-Oriented Federated Database System.
Statistics on Views.
Approximate Query Processing: Taming the TeraBytes.
Fast, Randomized Join-Order Selection - Why Use Transformations?
A Modal System of Algebras for Database Specification and Query/Update Language Support.
Impacts of Logic and Databases (Invited Paper)
Mind Your Grammar: a New Approach to Modelling Text.
From a laguna to open waters: Another view on the next generations of databases.
Querying and Mining Data Streams: You Only Get One Look.
Improving Performance in Replicated Databases through Relaxed Coherency.
FlowCube: Constructuing RFID FlowCubes for Multi-Dimensional Analysis of Commodity Flows.
A Data Base Design Decision Support System.
Building a Laboratory Information System Around a C++-Based Object-Oriented DBMS.
Online Balancing of Range-Partitioned Data with Applications to Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Parallel Query Scheduling and Optimization with Time- and Space-Shared Resources.
Semantics of Network Data Manipulation Languages: An Object-Oriented Approach.
Some Large Questions about Very Large Data Bases.
Design and Analysis of Parametric Query Optimization Algorithms.
A New Passenger Support System for Public Transport using Mobile Database Access.
ICICLES: Self-Tuning Samples for Approximate Query Answering.
Locking and Latching in a Memory-Resident Database System.
Temporal Slicing in the Evaluation of XML Queries.
Resource Scheduling for Composite Multimedia Objects.
Expiring Data in a Warehouse.
Efficient Algorithms for Processing XPath Queries.
On Implementing a Language for Specifying Active Database Execution Models.
Closed World Databases Opened Through Null Values.
Index Concurrency Control in Firm Real-Time Database Systems.
Write-Optimized B-Trees.
The Value of Merge-Join and Hash-Join in SQL Server.
Hash Joins and Hash Teams in Microsoft SQL Server.
Dependency Satisfaction in Databases with Incomplete Information.
Database Decomposition into Fourth Normal Form.
COMPASS: A Concept-based Web Search Engine for HTML, XML, and Deep Web Data.
The SphereSearch Engine for Unified Ranked Retrieval of Heterogeneous XML and Web Documents.
Generalizing GlOSS to Vector-Space Databases and Broker Hierarchies.
Merging Ranks from Heterogeneous Internet Sources.
Approximate String Joins in a Database (Almost) for Free.
The Transaction Concept: Virtues and Limitations (Invited Paper)
Parity Striping of Disk Arrays: Low-Cost Reliable Storage with Acceptable Throughput.
Granularity of Locks in a Large Shared Data Base.
Binding Propagation in Disjunctive Databases.
Consistency for Web Services Applications.
Combining Theory and Practice in Integrity Control: A Declarative Approach to the Specification of a Transaction Modification Subsystem.
ARIEL - A Semantic Front-End to Relational DBMSs.
The Simplification of Retrieval Requests Generated by Question-Answering Systems.
Low-Cost Compensation-Based Query Processing.
Manipulating Interpolated Data is Easier than You Thought.
Staircase Join: Teach a Relational DBMS to Watch its (Axis) Steps.
XQuery on SQL Hosts.
OLAP++: Powerful and Easy-to-Use Federations of OLAP and Object Databases.
Space Efficiency in Synopsis Construction Algorithms.
Merging the Results of Approximate Match Operations.
XWAVE: Approximate Extended Wavelets for Streaming Data.
Offline and Data Stream Algorithms for Efficient Computation of Synopsis Structures.
REHIST: Relative Error Histogram Construction Algorithms.
A Dual Space Representation for Geometric Data.
Optimizing Multi-Feature Queries for Image Databases.
Caching with 'Good Enough' Currency, Consistency, and Completeness.
The Changing Landscape of the Software Industry and its Implications for India
Aggregate-Query Processing in Data Warehousing Environments.
What is the Data Warehousing Problem? (Are Materialized Views the Answer?)
Creating Probabilistic Databases from Information Extraction Models.
Semantic Queries with Pictures: The VIMSYS Model.
Optimizing Nested Queries with Parameter Sort Orders.
Database Graph Views: A Practical Model to Manage Persistent Graphs.
Gral: An Extensible Relational Database System for Geometric Applications.
GraphDB: Modeling and Querying Graphs in Databases.
Link Spam Detection Based on Mass Estimation.
Link Spam Alliances.
Combating Web Spam with TrustRank.
A Foundation for Multi-dimensional Databases.
BHUNT: Automatic Discovery of Fuzzy Algebraic Constraints in Relational Data.
Loading a Cache with Query Results.
Optimizing Queries Across Diverse Data Sources.
Sampling-Based Estimation of the Number of Distinct Values of an Attribute.
OPOSSUM: Desk-Top Schema Management through Customizable Visualization.
GignoMDA - Exploiting Cross-Layer Optimization for Complex Database Applications.
Managing Derived Data in the Gaea Scientific DBMS.
Analyzing Transaction Activity to a Large Data Base: An Empirical Study.
Complex Spatio-Temporal Pattern Queries.
The Partial Normalized Storage Model of Nested Relations.
Parallel Execution of Test Runs for Database Application Systems.
Integrated Data Management for Mobile Services in the Real World.
An Observation on Database Buffering Performance Metrics.
Theoretical and Practical Tools for Data Base Design
A Conceptual Design of a Generalized Database Subsystem.
Discovering and Ranking Semantic Associations over a Large RDF Metabase.
Structures, Semantics and Statistics.
Data Integration: The Teenage Years.
Getting Priorities Straight: Improving Linux Support for Database I/O.
The Oracle Warehouse.
Mixed Mode XML Query Processing.
ROX: Relational Over XML.
Networked Data Management Design Points.
Scheduling for shared window joins over data streams.
Searching on the Secondary Structure of Protein Sequences.
Semantic Integrity in a Relational Data Base System.
Knowledge-Based Query Processing.
Using Referential Integrity To Easily Define Consistent Subset Replicas.
Knowledge Discovery in Databases: An Attribute-Oriented Approach.
Discovery of Multiple-Level Association Rules from Large Databases.
Data Morphing: An Adaptive, Cache-Conscious Storage Technique.
Query Processing for Multi-Attribute Clustered Records.
A Scan-Driven Sort Facility for a Relational Database System.
PRIMA - a DBMS Prototype Supporting Engineering Applications.
Evaluating Multiple Server DBMS in General Purpors Operating System Environments.
Ambiguity in Processing Boolean Queries on TDMS Tree Structures: A Study of Four Different Philosophies.
XISS/R: XML Indexing and Storage System using RDBMS.
Search Key Substitution in the Encipherment of B-Trees.
STEPS towards Cache-resident Transaction Processing.
Performance Tradeoffs in Read-Optimized Databases.
User-Oriented Data Base Query with the ROBOT Natural Language Query System.
A Semantic Model for Data Base Protection Languages.
Optimization Algorithms for Exploiting the Parallelism-Communication Tradeoff in Pipelined Parallelism.
Coloring Away Communication in Parallel Query Optimization.
A Performance Evaluation of Multi-Level Transaction Management.
Contest of XML Lock Protocols.
Database Machines.
Microprocessor Assisted Tuple Access, Decompression and Assembly for Statistical Database Systems.
WISE-Integrator: An Automatic Integrator of Web Search Interfaces for E-Commerce.
WISE-Integrator: A System for Extracting and Integrating Complex Web Search Interfaces of the Deep Web.
An Experiment in Dedicated Data Management.
Hardware and System Architecture for a Very Large Database.
A Direct Access Terabit Archival Memory.
Application Specification for Distributed Data Base Systems.
G-WHIZ, a Visual Interface for the Functional Model with Recursion.
Experiences With an Object Manager for a Process-Centered Environment.
Adaptive Load Control in Transaction Processing Systems.
Rainbow: Distributed Database System for Classroom Education and Experimental Research.
Architectures and Algorithms for Internet-Scale (P2P) Data Management.
Generalized Search Trees for Database Systems.
Evaluation of Main Memory Join Algorithms for Joins with Set Comparison Join Predicates.
Estimating the Output Cardinality of Partial Preaggregation with a Measure of Clusteredness.
Diag-Join: An Opportunistic Join Algorithm for 1:N Relationships.
Developing a Natural Language Interface to Complex Data.
The LSD tree: Spatial Access to Multidimensional Point and Nonpoint Objects.
enTrans: A System for Flexible Consistency Maintenance in Directory Applications.
Spatial Management of Data (Abstract).
Very Large Databases in a Commercial Application Environment
Viator - A Tool Family for Graphical Networking and Data View Creation.
Datalanguage: The Access Language on the Datacomputer.
What Is the Nearest Neighbor in High Dimensional Spaces?
COMBI-Operator: Database Support for Data Mining Applications.
User Extensions to the Peterlee Relational Test Vehicle.
Modelling and Querying Video Data.
Performance of Data-Parallel Spatial Operations.
Benchmarking Spatial Join Operations with Spatial Output.
The Use of Cluster Analysis in Physical Data Base Design.
InteMon: Intelligent System Monitoring on Large Clusters.
Current Research Into Specialized Processors For Text Information Retrieval.
Extension Joins.
Performance of Catalog Management Schemes for Running Access Modules in a Locally Distributed Database System.
A Privacy-Preserving Index for Range Queries.
Update Logging for Persistent Programming Languages: A Comparative Performance Evaluation.
PM3: An Orthogonal Persistent Systems Programming Language - Design, Implementation, Performance.
Self-Descriptive Relational Data Base.
Simple and Realistic Data Generation.
A Unified Approach to Program and Data Conversion.
A Note on the Survey: ``Future of Database Technology''.
The Functional Dependency Model for Logical Database Design.
Distributed Transitive Closure Computations: The Disconnection Set Approach.
Implementation and Performance Evaluation of a Parallel Transitive Closure Algorithm on PRISMA/DB.
Algebraic Manipulation of Scientific Datasets.
A Source-to-Source Meta-Translation System for Relational Query Languages.
Efficient IR-Style Keyword Search over Relational Databases.
DISCOVER: Keyword Search in Relational Databases.
An Opening Statement for the Session in Impact of New Technologies.
Privacy and Security of Data Communications and Data Bases.
Database Machine Architecture in the Context of Information Technology Evolution.
Advanced Database Technologies in a Diabetic Healthcare System.
Concurrent Operations in Extendible Hashing.
Distance Indexing on Road Networks.
Supporting RFID-based Item Tracking Applications in Oracle DBMS Using a Bitmap Datatype.
An Adaptive Data Placement Scheme for Parallel Database Computer Systems.
Handling Data Skew in Multiprocessor Database Computers Using Partition Tuning.
XML Evolution: A Two-phase XML Processing Model Using XML Prefiltering Techniques.
Spatial Joins Using R-trees: Breadth-First Traversal with Global Optimizations.
TRAC: Toward Recency and Consistency Reporting in a Database with Distributed Data Sources.
Experimental Evaluation of Real-Time Optimistic Concurrency Control Schemes.
Automating Logical File Design.
Information Protection by Method Base Systems.
Querying the Internet with PIER.
Parametric Query Optimization for Linear and Piecewise Linear Cost Functions.
AniPQO: Almost Non-intrusive Parametric Query Optimization for Nonlinear Cost Functions.
Parallel Processing of Recursive Queries in Distributed Architectures.
On Restructuring Nested Relations in Partitioned Normal Form.
Language Constructs for Programming Active Databases.
ILOG: Declarative Creation and Manipulation of Object Identifiers.
A Simulation Model for Performance Analysis of Large Shared Data Bases.
1-Safe Algorithms for Symmetric Site Configurations.
A Database Index to Large Biological Sequences.
Scientific OLAP for the Biotech Domain.
Multiple-View Self-Maintenance in Data Warehousing Environments.
An Ultra Highly Available DBMS.
The ClustRa Telecom Database: High Availability, High Throughput, and Real-Time Response.
An Analytical Method for Estimating and Interpreting Query Time.
Disjoint-Interval Topological Sort: A Useful Concept in Serializability Theory (Extended Abstract).
Providing Dynamic Security Control in a Federated Database.
Evaluation of Combinatorial File Orgenization Schemes.
Joining Ranked Inputs in Practice.
Supporting Top-k Join Queries in Relational Databases.
CORDS: Automatic Generation of Correlation Statistics in DB2.
Wireless Graffiti - Data, Data Everywhere Matters.
Querying in Highly Mobile Distributed Environments.
On Representing Incomplete Information in a Relational Data Base
The History of Histograms (abridged).
A Time Bound on the Materialization of some Recursively Defined Views.
On the Computation of the Transitive Closure of Relational Operators.
Commutativity and its Role in the Processing of Linear Recursion.
Universality of Serial Histograms.
Personalized Systems: Models and Methods from an IR and DB Perspective.
ZOO : A Desktop Experiment Management Environment.
Parametric Query Optimization.
Histogram-Based Approximation of Set-Valued Query-Answers.
Efficient Transitive Closure Algorithms.
Distributed Search over the Hidden Web: Hierarchical Database Sampling and Selection.
A Designer for DBMS-Processable Logical Database Structures.
An Active Object-Oriented Database: A Multi-Paradigm Approach to Constraint Management.
MindReader: Querying Databases Through Multiple Examples.
Research and Development on Knowledge Bases Systems at ICOT.
Total Hospital Information System of Komagome Metropolitan Hospital.
Customizable Parallel Execution of Scientific Stream Queries.
Continuous K-Nearest Neighbor Queries for Continuously Moving Points with Updates.
Maintenance of Spatial Semijoin Queries on Moving Points.
Percentile Finding Algorithm for Multiple Sorted Runs.
Data Compression Support in Databases.
Innovation in Database Management: Computer Science vs. Engineering.
User-Defined Table Operators: Enhancing Extensibility for ORDBMS.
On Indexing Line Segments.
Optimal Histograms with Quality Guarantees.
Multi-Dimensional Substring Selectivity Estimation.
Dalí: A High Performance Main Memory Storage Manager.
What can Hierarchies do for Data Warehouses?
Semantic Compression and Pattern Extraction with Fascicles.
Incremental Organization for Data Recording and Warehousing.
BATON: A Balanced Tree Structure for Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Integrity Maintenance in Object-Oriented Databases.
Proclamation-Based Model for Cooperating Transactions.
Recovering from Main-Memory Lapses.
Grid Data Management Systems & Services.
Enhancements to the Voting Algorithm.
Implementing Abstract Objects with Inheritance in Datalog.
Towards more Informative User Interfaces.
The Challenge of Process Data Warehousing.
Data Constructors: On the Integration of Rules and Relations.
Priority-Hints: An Algorithm for Priority-Based Buffer Management.
The Development and Application of Data Base Design Tools and Methodology.
Database Research Strategies of Funding Agencies (Panel).
Adaptive Cleaning for RFID Data Streams.
Transaction Timestamping in (Temporal) Databases.
Query and Update Efficient B+-Tree Based Indexing of Moving Objects.
Robust Estimation With Sampling and Approximate Pre-Aggregation.
A Novel Index Supporting High Volume Data Warehouse Insertion.
Online Estimation For Subset-Based SQL Queries.
Database Application Development as an Object Modeling Activity.
Enterprise Information Mashups: Integrating Information, Simply.
A Performance Study of Query Optimization Algorithms on a Database System Supporting Procedures.
Mining Frequent Closed Cubes in 3D Datasets.
GPX: Interactive Mining of Gene Expression Data.
The BT-tree: A Branched and Temporal Access Method.
Holistic Twig Joins on Indexed XML Documents.
Indexing Mixed Types for Approximate Retrieval.
Selectivity Estimation for Fuzzy String Predicates in Large Data Sets.
What End-User Facilities do we Need?
Performance Measurements of Compressed Bitmap Indices.
Optimizing Queries on Compressed Bitmaps.
Compressing Large Boolean Matrices using Reordering Techniques.
Performance Measurements of Tertiary Storage Devices.
A Heartbeat Mechanism and Its Application in Gigascope.
2Q: A Low Overhead High Performance Buffer Management Replacement Algorithm.
An Approach for Building Secure Database Federations.
Datadict - A Data Analysis and Logical Database Design Tool.
Adaptive Locking Strategies in a Multi-node Data Sharing Environment.
Checkpointing in Oracle.
PARAgrab: A Comprehensive Architecture for Web Image Management and Multimodal Querying.
Integrating Heterogenous Overlapping Databases through Object-Oriented Transformations.
ECRINS/86: An Extended Entity-Relationship Data Base Management System and its Semantic Query Language.
POP/FED: Progressive Query Optimization for Federated Queries in DB2.
Bidirectional Expansion For Keyword Search on Graph Databases.
Support for Temporal Data by Complex Objects.
Extending Logging for Database Snapshot Refresh.
Efficient Index Structures for String Databases.
Database Updates through Abduction.
Data Models Transformation Method Based on Axiomatic Data Model Extension.
Flexible Relations - Operational Support of Variant Relational Structures.
A Relational Data Language with Simplified Binary Relation Handling Capability.
Database Technologies for the 90's and Beyond (Panel).
Data and Knowledge Bases for Genome Mapping: What Lies Ahead? (Panel).
Hilbert R-tree: An Improved R-tree using Fractals.
EUFID: The End User Friendly Interface to Data Management Systems.
Panel: User's View of Very Large Database Applications.
Exploiting Versions for On-line Data Warehouse Maintenance in MOLAP Servers.
A Linear Time Algorithm for Optimal Tree Sibling Partitioning and Approximation Algorithms in Natix.
Processing Star Queries on Hierarchically-Clustered Fact Tables.
Reduced Cover-Trees and their Application in the Sabre Access Path Model
One-Pass Wavelet Synopses for Maximum-Error Metrics.
Database Experience in the Netherlands PTT (ITCIS).
PrediCalc: A Logical Spreadsheet Management System.
Managing Change in a Computer-Aided Design Database.
Updates for Structure Indexes.
Two-Phase Deadlock Detection Algorithm in Distributed Databases.
An Efficient Deadlock Removal Scheme for Non-Two-Phase Locking Protocols.
Non-Two-Phase Locking Protocols with Shared and Exclusive Locks.
ServiceGlobe: Distributing E-Services Across the Internet.
Optimal Grid-Clustering: Towards Breaking the Curse of Dimensionality in High-Dimensional Clustering.
Choosing a View Update Translator by Dialog at View Definition Time.
A Deductive Capability for Data Management.
Optimizing the Rule-Data Interface in a KMS.
Data Sharing Through Query Translation in Autonomous Sources.
Don't Be Lazy, Be Consistent: Postgres-R, A New Way to Implement Database Replication.
Right-, left- and multi-linear rule transformations that maintain context information.
Dual-Buffering Strategies in Object Bases.
Generalised Hash Teams for Join and Group-by.
Advanced Query Processing in Object Bases Using Access Support Relations.
A Blackboard Architecture for Query Optimization in Object Bases.
Optimizing Boolean Expressions in Object-Bases.
New Criteria for the Conceptual Model.
The Entity Join.
Splitting the Conceptual Schema.
Data Model Theory Meets a Practical Application
Choices in Practical Data Design.
Solving Domain Mismatch and Schema Mismatch Problems with an Object-Oriented Database Programming Language.
A Superimposed Coding Scheme Based on Multiple Block Descriptor Files for Indexing Very Large Data Bases.
Browsing Electronic Mail: Experiences Interfacing a Mail System to a DBMS.
Exact Indexing of Dynamic Time Warping.
A Decade of Progress in Indexing and Mining Large Time Series Databases.
LB_Keogh Supports Exact Indexing of Shapes under Rotation Invariance with Arbitrary Representations and Distance Measures.
Recent Results on the Attribute Based Data Model - A Tutorial.
The Database/Data Dictionary Interface.
A Taxonomy of Data Models.
A Database Striptease or How to Manage Your Personal Databases.
Foundations of Preferences in Database Systems.
On Semantic Reefs and Efficient Processing of Correlation Queries with Aggregates.
Preference SQL - Design, Implementation, Experiences.
A Quantitative Comparison of Lockprotocols for Centralized Databases.
Mining Insurance Data at Swiss Life.
Detecting Change in Data Streams.
Indexing Multiple Sets.
LGeDBMS: A Small DBMS for Embedded System with Flash Memory.
Versions of Schema for Object-Oriented Databases.
A Transaction Mechanism for Engineering Design Databases.
n-Gram/2L: A Space and Time Efficient Two-Level n-Gram Inverted Index Structure.
The Rubicon of Smart Data.
QUIST: A System for Semantic Query Optimization in Relational Databases
Ski: A Semantics-Knowledgeable Interface.
Freeform: A User-Adaptable Form Management System.
FaceKit: A Database Interface Design Toolkit.
The Effect of Bucket Size Tuning in the Dynamic Hybrid GRACE Hash Join Method.
Bucket Spreading Parallel Hash: A New, Robust, Parallel Hash Join Method for Data Skew in the Super Database Computer (SDC).
Cascade Hashing.
A General Model for Version Management in Databases.
Multirelations - Semantice and Languages.
Data Base Description with a Single Name Category Data Model.
Practical Issues with Commercial Use of Federated Databases.
Modelling Information Preserving Databases: Consequences of the Concept of Time.
Cache Coherency in Oracle Parallel Server.
Multiple View Support within the ANSI/SPARC Framework.
Data File Management in Shift Register Memories.
Impact of New Technologies.
Algorithms for Mining Distance-Based Outliers in Large Datasets.
Finding Intensional Knowledge of Distance-Based Outliers.
A Data Manipulation Model: An Extension of the Alpha Expression.
Efficient Processing of Expressive Node-Selecting Queries on XML Data in Secondary Storage: A Tree Automata-based Approach.
Path Queries on Compressed XML.
Schema-based Scheduling of Event Processors and Buffer Minimization for Queries on Structured Data Streams.
FluXQuery: An Optimizing XQuery Processor for Streaming XML Data.
A Transformational Framework for the Automatic Control of Derived Data
Voronoi-Based K Nearest Neighbor Search for Spatial Network Databases.
Combining Histograms and Parametric Curve Fitting for Feedback-Driven Query Result-size Estimation.
Database-Inspired Search.
W3QS: A Query System for the World-Wide Web.
Ratio Rules: A New Paradigm for Fast, Quantifiable Data Mining.
Reverse Nearest Neighbor Aggregates Over Data Streams.
Checks and Balances: Monitoring Data Quality Problems in Network Traffic Databases.
Fast Nearest Neighbor Search in Medical Image Databases.
High-Performance Extensible Indexing.
High-Concurrency Locking in R-Trees.
The Double Life of the Transaction Abstraction: Fundamental Principle and Evolving System Concept.
Mobile Computing: Fertile Research Area or Black Hole? (Panel).
A Formal Approach to Recovery by Compensating Transactions.
Triggered Real-Time Databases with Consistency Constraints.
SMOOTH - A Distributed Multimedia Database System.
Shooting Stars in the Sky: An Online Algorithm for Skyline Queries.
A Data Warehousing Architecture for Enabling Service Provisioning Process.
Efficient Approximation Of Optimization Queries Under Parametric Aggregation Constraints.
Identifying Representative Trends in Massive Time Series Data Sets Using Sketches.
Relaxing Join and Selection Queries.
Mining Deviants in a Time Series Database.
Flexible String Matching Against Large Databases in Practice.
Approximate NN queries on Streams with Guaranteed Error/performance Bounds.
Data Stream Query Processing: A Tutorial.
Approximate Joins: Concepts and Techniques.
Improving Data Access of J2EE Applications by Exploiting Asynchronous Messaging and Caching Services.
myPortal: Robust Extraction and Aggregation of Web Content.
Integrity Checking in Deductive Databases.
CHICAGO: A Test and Evaluation Environment for Coarse-Grained Optimization.
Coarse-Grained Optimization: Techniques for Rewriting SQL Statement Sequences.
Vertical Data Migration in Large Near-Line Document Archives Based on Markov-Chain Predictions.
Updates in a Rule-Based Language for Objects.
Managing Intervals Efficiently in Object-Relational Databases.
High Throughput Escrow Algorithms for Replicated Databases.
Optimization of Nonrecursive Queries.
The Case for Precision Sharing.
Efficient XML-to-SQL Query Translation: Where to Add the Intelligence?
Query Processing on Personal Computers: A Pragmatic Approach (Extended Abstract).
Query-By-Example: Operations on Piecewise Continuous Data (Extended Abstract).
Towards a Real Horn Clause Language.
Query Rewrite for XML in Oracle XML DB.
The Zero-Delay Data Warehouse: Mobilizing Heterogeneous Databases.
Efficient Implementation of Loops in Bottom-Up Evaluation of Logic Queries.
Caprera: An Activity Framework for Transaction Processing on Wide-Area Networks.
Extracting Large-Scale Knowledge Bases from the Web.
Performance Evaluation of an Operating System Transaction Manager.
On the Costs of Multilingualism in Database Systems.
A Temporal Framework for Database Specification and Verification.
A Concurrent Database Manipulation Problem: Binary Search Trees (Abstract).
On Optimistic Methods for Concurrency Control.
Design Criteria for Distributed Database Systems.
StreamGlobe: Processing and Sharing Data Streams in Grid-Based P2P Infrastructures.
Pasta-3's Graphical Query Language: Direct Manipulation, Cooperative Queries, Full Expressive Power.
Computer and Communication System Development among Financial Institutions in Japan.
Cooperative Object Buffer Management in the Advanced Information Management Prototype.
FiST: Scalable XML Document Filtering by Sequencing Twig Patterns.
Efficient Snapshot Differential Algorithms for Data Warehousing.
Performance Issues in Incremental Warehouse Maintenance.
Update Propagation Strategies for Improving the Quality of Data on the Web.
Balancing Performance and Data Freshness in Web Database Servers.
Preferences; Putting More Knowledge into Queries.
Domain-Oriented Relational Languages.
The Zero Latency Enterprise.
Semantic Integrity Dependencies and Delayed Integrity Checking.
Cache Fusion: Extending Shared-Disk Clusters with Shared Caches.
Distributed Transaction Management in Jasmin.
The 3W Model and Algebra for Unified Data Mining.
The Generalized MDL Approach for Summarization.
Quotient Cube: How to Summarize the Semantics of a Data Cube.
Efficacious Data Cube Exploration by Semantic Summarization and Compression.
On Testing Satisfiability of Tree Pattern Queries.
SchemaSQL - A Language for Interoperability in Relational Multi-Database Systems.
On Efficiently Implementing SchemaSQL on an SQL Database System.
Answering Tree Pattern Queries Using Views.
Selectivity Estimation in Extensible Databases - A Neural Network Approach.
RTMonitor: Real-Time Data Monitoring Using Mobile Agent Technologies.
Language Support for Office Modelling.
A New Presumed Commit Optimization for Two Phase Commit.
Biodiversity Informatics: The Challenge of Rapid Development, Large Databases, and Complex Data (Keynote).
An Architectural Extension for a Large Database System Incorporating a Processor for Disk Search.
Extending the Search Strategy in a Query Optimizer.
On the Effectiveness of Optimization Search Strategies for Parallel Execution Spaces.
Linear Hashing with Partial Expansions.
A Single-File Version of Linear Hashing with Partial Expansions.
Computing Queries from Derived Relations.
View Matching for Outer-Join Views.
An Integrated Approach to Recovery and High Availability in an Updatable, Distributed Data Warehouse.
The gRNA: A Highly Programmable Infrastructure for Prototyping, Developing and Deploying Genomics-Centric Applications.
Pre-Analysis Locking: A Safe and Deadlock Free Locking Policy.
Query Languages and Data Models for Database Sequences and Data Streams.
Early Hash Join: A Configurable Algorithm for the Efficient and Early Production of Join Results.
Reflections on Boyce-Codd Normal Form.
Limiting Disclosure in Hippocratic Databases.
The O2 Database Programming Language.
Implementing Queries and Updates on Universal Scheme Interfaces.
Implementing an Interpreter for Functional Rules in a Query Optimizer.
Supporting Frequent Updates in R-Trees: A Bottom-Up Approach.
Efficient Incremental Maintenance of Data Cubes.
Further Improvements on Integrity Constraint Checking for Stratifiable Deductive Databases.
Unrolling Cycles to Decide Trigger Termination.
A Region Splitting Strategy for Physical Database Design of Multidimensional File Organizations.
A One-Pass Aggregation Algorithm with the Optimal Buffer Size in Multidimensional OLAP.
An Analytic Approach to Statistical Databases.
Data Mining with the SAP Netweaver BI Accelerator.
A Study of Index Structures for Main Memory Database Management Systems.
The Starburst Long Field Manager.
A Search Processor for Data Base Management Systems.
Randomizing, A Practical Method for Protecting Statistical Databases Against Compromise.
Optimizing Result Prefetching in Web Search Engines with Segmented Indices.
On The Satisfiability of Dependency Constraints in Entity-Relationship Schemata.
Information Systems Design Approach Integrating Data and Transactions
AQuery: Query Language for Ordered Data, Optimization Techniques, and Experiments.
Experiments on Access to Digital Libraries: How can Images and Text be Used Together.
Efficient Search of Multi-Dimensional B-Trees.
Temporal Query Processing and Optimization in Multiprocessor Database Machines.
File Processing Efficiency on the Content Addressable File Store.
Obtaining Complete Answers from Incomplete Databases.
Query Optimization by Predicate Move-Around.
Querying Heterogeneous Information Sources Using Source Descriptions
Queries Independent of Updates.
Challenges for Global Information Systems.
Managing Business Processes via Workflow Technology.
Grid and Applications (Industrial Session).
QoS-based Data Access and Placement for Federated Information Systems.
Facilitating Multimedia Database Exploration through Visual Interfaces and Perpetual Query Reformulations.
Cache Portal: Technology for Accelerating Database-driven e-commerce Web Sites.
Safety Guarantee of Continuous Join Queries over Punctuated Data Streams.
High-Dimensional OLAP: A Minimal Cubing Approach.
Hubble: An Advanced Dynamic Folder Technology for XML.
Issues and Evaluations of Caching Solutions for Web Application Acceleration.
CachePortal II: Acceleration of Very Large Scale Data Center-Hosted Database-driven Web Applications.
Aggregation Algorithms for Very Large Compressed Data Warehouses.
A New Compression Method with Fast Searching on Large Databases.
RankSQL: Supporting Ranking Queries in Relational Database Management Systems.
CMD: A Multidimensional Declustering Method for Parallel Data Systems.
Schema-Free XQuery.
Multivalued Dependencies with Null Values in Relational Data Bases.
DSIS - A Database System with Interrelational Semantics
Binary Search Tree Complex - Towards the Implementation of Relations.
I/O-Conscious Data Preparation for Large-Scale Web Search Engines.
Automating the design of multi-dimensional clustering tables in relational databases.
XPathLearner: An On-line Self-Tuning Markov Histogram for XML Path Selectivity Estimation.
SASH: A Self-Adaptive Histogram Set for Dynamically Changing Workloads.
CXHist : An On-line Classification-Based Histogram for XML String Selectivity Estimation.
VizTree: a Tool for Visually Mining and Monitoring Massive Time Series Databases.
Multiscale Histograms: Summarizing Topological Relations in Large Spatial Datasets.
Basic Timestamp, Multiple Version Timestamp, and Two-Phase Locking.
Querying Continuous Time Sequences.
The Design of a Rotating Associative Array Memory for a Relational Database Management Application.
Encoding, Decoding and Storing Melodies for a Data Base of Renaissance Polyphony: A Progress Report.
DB2 Common Server: Technology, Progress, & Directions.
Hierarchical Compact Cube for Range-Max Queries.
Rapid Application Prototyping the PROQUEL Language.
Behaviour Management in Database Applications.
Design and Implementation of an Extensible Database Management System Supporting User Defined Data Types and Functions.
On Semantic Issues Connected with Incomplete Information Data Bases (Abstract).
Estimating the Size of Generalized Transitive Closures.
Virtual Hashing: A Dynamically Changing Hashing.
Linear Hashing: A New Tool for File and Table Addressing.
LH*RS: A Highly Available Distributed Data Storage.
RP*: A Family of Order Preserving Scalable Distributed Data Structures.
The Design of GridDB: A Data-Centric Overlay for the Scientific Grid.
A-TOPSS - A Publish/Subscribe System Supporting Approximate Matching.
A-ToPSS: A Publish/Subscribe System Supporting Imperfect Information Processing.
Capturing Global Transactions from Multiple Recovery Log Files in a Partitioned Database System.
Activity Model: A Declarative Approach for Capturing Communication Behavior in Object-Oriented Databases.
Efficient XSLT Processing in Relational Database System.
Revisiting Pipelined Parallelism in Multi-Join Query Processing.
A Dynamically Adaptive Distributed System for Processing Complex Continuous Queries.
Using Versions in Update Transactions: Application to Integrity Checking.
An Interactive Query Language for External Data Bases.
The Network as a Global Database: Challenges of Interoperability, Proactivity, Interactiveness, Legacy.
Optimization of Nested Queries in a Distributed Relational Database.
SMART: Making DB2 (More) Autonomic.
Digital B-Trees
Key Range Locking Strategies for Improved Concurrency.
Exploiting A History Database for Backup.
Redo Recovery after System Crashes.
Optimized Query Execution in Large Search Engines with Global Page Ordering.
Enhancing P2P File-Sharing with an Internet-Scale Query Processor.
A Low Communication Sort Algorithm for a Parallel Database Machine.
A Denotational Definition of the Semantics of DRC, A Domain Relational Calculus.
The REMIT System for Paraphrasing Relational Query Expressions into Natural Language.
A Survey: The Application of Data Base Management Computers in Distributed Systems.
Database Research at MCC (Abstract).
Relational Transformation and a Redundancy in Relational Data Base.
Computing Facts in Non-Horn Deductive Systems.
From Region Encoding To Extended Dewey: On Efficient Processing of XML Twig Pattern Matching.
On Spatially Partitioned Temporal Join.
NeuroRule: A Connectionist Approach to Data Mining.
Optimization of Multi-Way Join Queries for Parallel Execution.
The Fittest Survives: An Adaptive Approach to Query Optimization.
Hash-Based Join Algorithms for Multiprocessor Computers.
Systematic Development of Data Mining-Based Data Quality Tools.
Implementation of the IRRD Data Base in Portugal.
Model-Based Information Integration in a Neuroscience Mediator System.
A Transducer-Based XML Query Processor.
1978 New Orleans Data Base Design Workshop Report.
Form-Based Proxy Caching for Database-Backed Web Sites.
Locking Protocols for Materialized Aggregate Join Views.
Database Concurrent Processor.
Selectivity Estimation and Query Optimization in Large Databases with Highly Skewed Distribution of Column Values.
Application of Data Compression to a Large Bibliographic Data Base
Extended User-Defined Indexing with Application to Textual Databases.
An Approach to Object Sharing in Distributed Datbase Systems.
A Personal Data Manager.
Sybase IQ Multiplex - Designed For Analytics.
R* Optimizer Validation and Performance Evaluation for Distributed Queries.
A Model for Integrated Information Systems.
Generic Schema Matching with Cupid.
Composing Mappings Among Data Sources.
The Voice of the Customer: Innovative and Useful Research Directions (Panel).
From VLDB to VMLDB (Very MANY Large Data Bases): Dealing with Large-Scale Semantic Heterogenity.
ACTIVIEW: Adaptive data presentation using SuperSQL.
Optimal Allocation of Resources in Distributed Information Networks.
Extending an ORDBMS: The StateMachine Module.
Modelling Non Deterministic Queries and Updates in Deductive Databases.
A Consideration on Normal Form of Not-Necessarily-Normalized Relation in the Relational Data Model.
The Optimization Strategy for Query Evaluation in RDB/V1
Database Management Systems and the Internet
Critical Database Technologies for High Energy Physics.
Aggregate Evaluability in Statistical Databases.
On the Feasibility of Implementing a Large Relational Data Base with Optimal Performance on a Mini-Computer.
Query Caching and View Selection for XML Databases.
What Happens During a Join? Dissecting CPU and Memory Optimization Effects.
Generic Database Cost Models for Hierarchical Memory Systems.
Cache-Conscious Radix-Decluster Projections.
Approximate Frequency Counts over Data Streams.
Dependency Inference.
On Relating the CODASYL Database Languages and the ANSI/SPARC Framework.
Data Base Research Projects and Funding.
A Review of the 1978 CODASYL Database Specifications.
Toward a General Spatial Data Model for an Object-Oriented DBMS.
Answering XML Queries on Heterogeneous Data Sources.
Agora: Living with XML and Relational.
CP: Clustering based on Closest Pairs.
A Language for Manipulating Arrays.
NetCube: A Scalable Tool for Fast Data Mining and Compression.
Projecting XML Documents.
Consistently Estimating the Selectivity of Conjuncts of Predicates.
Referential Integrity Revisited: An Object-Oriented Perspective.
Safe Referential Structures in Relational Databases.
The Integrated Microbial Genomes (IMG) System: A Case Study in Biological Data Management.
Incremental Reorganization of Relational Databases.
On Processing XML in LDAP.
Relating Distributed Objects.
Dealing with Temporal Schema Anomalies in History Databases.
A DBMS Architecture to Support Information Analysis (Abstract).
A Relational Database View Update Translation Mechanism.
Dynamic Maintenance of Wavelet-Based Histograms.
Persistent Threads.
Integrating Information for On Demand Computing.
Supporting Procedural Constructs in SQL Compilers.
An Injection of Tree Awareness: Adding Staircase Join to PostgreSQL.
Adaptive Density Estimation.
Mapping Maintenance for Data Integration Systems.
Metadata Management for Large Statistical Databases.
High Performance Hardware for Database Systems.
Query Optimization for XML.
EROC: A Toolkit for Building NEATO Query Optimizers.
RoadRunner: Towards Automatic Data Extraction from Large Web Sites.
Understanding the Implications of View Update Policies.
Data Base Support and Interactive Graphics.
V-Trees - A Storage Method for Long Vector Data.
OASIS: An Online and Accurate Technique for Local-alignment Searches on Biological Sequences.
Dynamic Memory Allocation for Multiple-Query Workloads.
Managing Intra-operator Parallelism in Parallel Database Systems.
Providing Database Migration Tools - A Practicioner's Approach.
A Surrogate Concept for Engineering Databases.
Using a Fuzzy Classification Query Language for Customer Relationship Management.
Monitoring Integrity Constraints in a CODASYL-Like DBMS.
Structure and Redundancy in the Conceptual Schema in the Administration of Very Large Data Bases.
On the Design of a Reliable Storage Component for Distributed Database Management Systems.
Functional Dependencies in Logic Programs.
Generalized Mutual Dependencies and the Decomposition of Database Relations.
Indexing Temporal XML Documents.
Temporal Queries in OLAP.
Finding Regular Simple Paths in Graph Databases.
OrientStore: A Schema Based Native XML Storage System.
Determining Text Databases to Search in the Internet.
A Study of Sort Algorithms for Multiprocessor Database Machines.
Design and Analysis of a Relational Join Operation for VLSI
A New SQL-like Operator for Mining Association Rules.
Scheduling of Page-Fetches in Join Operations
Distribution Models of Relations.
Information Processing Systems in a Database Environment.
Using Association Rules for Fraud Detection in Web Advertising Networks.
KLEE: A Framework for Distributed Top-k Query Algorithms.
Change-Centric Management of Versions in an XML Warehouse.
A Single Pass Computing Engine for Interactive Analysis of VLDBs.
Controlling Access to Published Data Using Cryptography.
SVM in Oracle Database 10g: Removing the Barriers to Widespread Adoption of Support Vector Machines.
Schema Mapping as Query Discovery.
The Use of Information Capacity in Schema Integration and Translation.
A Scalable Architecture for Autonomous Heterogeneous Database Interactions.
Using Schema Matching to Simplify Heterogeneous Data Translation.
MapInfo SpatialWare: A Spatial Information Server for RDBMS.
MineSet(tm): A System for High-End Data Mining and Visualization.
Synergistic Authorization in Database Systems
Quality Views: Capturing and Exploiting the User Perspective on Data Quality.
Control of an Extensible Query Optimizer: A Planning-Based Approach.
Automatic Data Base Schema Design and Optimization.
Trustworthy Keyword Search for Regulatory-Compliant Record Retention.
Extending the Relational Algebra to Capture Complex Objects.
Hierarchical Performance Analysis Models for Data Base Systems.
Implementation of a Fuzzy-Set Theoretic Data Structure System (Abstract).
Performance Evaluation of an Adaptive and Robust Load Control Method for the Avoidance of Data-Contention Thrashing.
Incorporating XSL Processing into Database Engines.
Small Materialized Aggregates: A Light Weight Index Structure for Data Warehousing.
Analysis of Two Existing and One New Dynamic Programming Algorithm for the Generation of Optimal Bushy Join Trees without Cross Products.
Hot Block Clustering for Disk Arrays with Dynamic Striping.
Caching Technologies for Web Applications.
Application Servers and Associated Technologies.
An Efficient Method for Performing Record Deletions and Updates Using Index Scans.
ARIES/KVL: A Key-Value Locking Method for Concurrency Control of Multiaction Transactions Operating on B-Tree Indexes.
Commit_LSN: A Novel and Simple Method for Reducing Locking and Latching in Transaction Processing Systems.
A Cost-Effective Method for Providing Improved Data Availability During DBMS Restart Recovery After a Failure.
DWMS: Data Warehouse Management System.
Repeating History Beyond ARIES.
Evolution of Groupware for Business Applications: A Database Perspective on Lotus Domino/Notes.
Recovery and Coherency-Control Protocols for Fast Intersystem Page Transfer and Fine-Granularity Locking in a Shared Disks Transaction Environment.
IPAC - An Interactive Approach to Access Control for Semi-structured Data.
Some Issues in Design of Distributed Deductive Databases.
The New Casper: Query Processing for Location Services without Compromising Privacy.
PLACE: A Query Processor for Handling Real-time Spatio-temporal Data Streams.
Concurrency Control in B+-Trees Databases Using Preparatory Operations.
DISNIC-PLAN: A NICNET Based Distributed Database for Micro-level Planning in India.
The Active Information System: A Data-Driven System for the Analysis of Imprecise Data
CURE for Cubes: Cubing Using a ROLAP Engine.
Active Databases as a Paradigm for Enhanced Computing Environments.
Constraint Equations: Declarative Expression of Constraints With Automatic Enforcement.
Database Technology for Reliable Systems: Issues, Impact, and Approaches (Panel).
A Very Large Database System to Serve National Welfare.
Algorithms for Mining Association Rules for Binary Segmentations of Huge Categorical Databases.
Efficient Construction of Regression Trees with Range and Region Splitting.
Enabling End-users to Construct Data-intensive Web-sites from XML Repositories: An Example-based Approach.
Retrieval-By-Unification Operation on a Relational Knowledge Base.
Tree-Pattern Queries on a Lightweight XML Processor.
L/MRP: A Buffer Management Strategy for Interactive Continuous Data Flows in a Multimedia DBMS.
Log-Based Recovery for Nested Transactions.
Completeness Information and Its Application to Query Processing.
Using Integrity Constraints to Provide Intensional Answers to Relational Queries.
Continuous Nearest Neighbor Monitoring in Road Networks.
BioPatentMiner: An Information Retrieval System for BioMedical Patents.
Building Conference Proceedings Requires Adaptable Workflow and Content Management.
Unified Dynamic Hashing.
The Magic of Duplicates and Aggregates.
Performance Analysis of Disk Arrays under Failure.
A Requirement-Based Approach to Data Modeling and Re-Engineering.
Application of Sub-Predicate Tests in Database Systems.
Optimization and Dataflow Algorithms for Nested Tree Queries.
Improved Unnesting Algorithms for Join Aggregate SQL Queries.
Concepts of Sorting and Projection in a Cellular Array
File Redundancy Issues in Distributed Database Systems.
Effective Resource Utilization for Multiprocessor Join Execution.
XML Schemas in Oracle XML DB.
Design, Implementation, and Performance of the LHAM Log-Structured History Data Access Method.
Software Repositories.
Some Features of the TAXIS Data Model.
Towards Robustness in Query Auditing.
Database Challenges in the Integration of Biomedical Data Sets.
An Approach to Data Communication between Different Generalized Data Base Management Systems.
An Analysis of Storage Utilization Factor in Block Split Data Structuring Scheme.
Hash-Partitioned Join Method Using Dynamic Destaging Strategy.
Some Analytic Tools for the Design of Relational Database Systems.
Answering Imprecise Queries over Web Databases.
Delay Aware Querying with Seaweed.
Tavant System Architecture for Sell-side Channel Management.
IrisNet: An Architecture for Internet-scale Sensing Services.
Supporting Incremental Join Queries on Ranked Inputs.
How to Forget the Past Without Repeating It.
Argument Reduction by Factoring.
Quality-driven Integration of Heterogenous Information Systems.
Schema Analysis for Database Restructuring.
An Intuitive Approach to Normalize Network Structured Data.
Databases for Computer Aided Design and Manufacturing.
Restructuring for Large Data Bases: Three Levels of Abstraction.
A Methodology for View Inegration in Logical Database Design.
Databases for Expert Systems.
Relationship Merging in Schema Integration.
Recursive Strategies for Answering Recursive Queries - The RQA/FQI Strategy.
Integration of Data Mining with Database Technology.
POREL: A Distributed Data Base on an Inhomogeneous Computer Network.
Dynamic Derivation of Personalized Views.
Consistency and Transactions in CAD Database.
A Combined Framework for Grouping and Order Optimization.
Expert Database Support for Consistent Dynamic Objects.
Some Comments on Human Archival Memory as a Very Large Data Base.
NexusScout: An Advanced Location-Based Application on a Distributed, Open Mediation Platform.
Native XML Support in DB2 Universal Database.
Mutual Dependencies and Some Results on Undecomposable Relations.
BibFinder/StatMiner: Effectively Mining and Using Coverage and Overlap Statistics in Data Integration.
ProTDB: Probabilistic Data in XML.
An Object-Oriented Environment for OIS Applications.
Generating Call-Level Interfaces for Advanced Database Application Programming.
TOPAZ: a Cost-Based, Rule-Driven, Multi-Phase Parallelizer.
Functional Properties of Information Filtering.
Cooperative Transaction Hierarchies: A Transaction Model to Support Design Applications.
Measured Performance of Time Interval Concurrency Control Techniques.
MERLIN - Design of a National Bibliographic Database.
Asera: Extranet Architecture for B2B Solutions.
eBusiness Standards and Architectures.
The Persistent Cache: Improving OID Indexing in Temporal Object-Oriented Database Systems.
French government activity in the conservation of data and electronic documents.
Trends in Data Warehousing: A Practitioner's View.
Where is Business Intelligence taking today's Database Systems?
Collaborative Analytical Processing - Dream or Reality? (Panel abstract).
Objectivity Industrial Exhibit.
Effective & Efficient Document Ranking without using a Large Lexicon.
Contextual Insight in Search: Enabling Technologies and Applications.
Experiments on Query Expansion for Internet Yellow Page Services Using Web Log Mining.
A Family of Incomplete Relational Database Models.
On the design and implementation of information systems from deductive conceptual models.
Integrity Constraints Checking In Deductive Databases.
Simple Random Sampling from Relational Databases.
Random Sampling from B+ Trees.
Why Search Engines are Used Increasingly to Offload Queries from Databases.
Offering a Precision-Performance Tradeoff for Aggregation Queries over Replicated Data.
Estimating Response Time for Auxiliary Memory Configuartions with Multiple Movable-Head Disk Modules.
Incremental File Reorganization Schemes.
Performance Analysis of a Load Balancing Hash-Join Algorithm for a Shared Memory Multiprocessor.
Measuring the Complexity of Join Enumeration in Query Optimization.
Fast High-Dimensional Data Search in Incomplete Databases.
Indexing the Distance: An Efficient Method to KNN Processing.
Statistice for the Usage of a Conceptual Data Model as a Basis for Logical Data Base Design.
A Dynamic Hash File for Random and Sequential Accessing.
Starting (and Sometimes Ending) a Database Company.
Accessing a Relational Database through an Object-Oriented Database Interface.
Compact 0-Complete Trees.
Towards a Universal Relation Interface.
The Making of TPC-DS.
A Mapping Function for the Directory of a Multidimensional Extendible Hashing.
Georgraphic Information Systems, A Challenge for the 90's (Panel).
A Top-Down Approach for Two Level Serializability.
A Low-Cost Storage Server for Movie on Demand Databases.
Storage Service Providers: a Solution for Storage Management? (Panel).
Microprocessor Based Modular Database Processors.
Dynamic and Order Preserving Data Partitioning for Database Machines.
Sideway Value Algebra for Object-Relational Databases.
Statistical Databases.
Distributed Database Management: Current State-of-the-Art, Unsolved Problems, New Issues (Abstract).
An Extendible Hash for Multi-Precision Similarity Querying of Image Databases.
An Asynchronous Avoidance-Based Cache Consistency Algorithm for Client Caching DBMSs.
Fast Algorithms for Maintaining Replica Consistency in Lazy Master Replicated Databases.
Extracting Large Data Sets using DB2 Parallel Edition.
XQuery Implementation in a Relational Database System.
Indexing XML Data Stored in a Relational Database.
Record Subtype Facilities in Database Systems.
Fido: A Cache That Learns to Fetch.
Indexing Large Human-Motion Databases.
Incremental Maintenance for Non-Distributive Aggregate Functions.
The Denodo Data Integration Platform.
Indexing for Function Approximation.
WIC: A General-Purpose Algorithm for Monitoring Web Information Sources.
Shuffling a Stacked Deck: The Case for Partially Randomized Ranking of Search Engine Results.
Memory-Adaptive External Sorting.
A Case-Based Approach to Information Integration.
An Alternative Structure for Data Base Management Systems.
Algorithms for Querying by Spatial Structure.
MV3R-Tree: A Spatio-Temporal Access Method for Timestamp and Interval Queries.
The TPR*-Tree: An Optimized Spatio-Temporal Access Method for Predictive Queries.
Query Processing in Spatial Network Databases.
Adaptive, Hands-Off Stream Mining.
Streaming Pattern Discovery in Multiple Time-Series.
RadixZip: Linear-Time Compression of Token Streams.
Object Fusion in Mediator Systems.
Pattern Tree Algebras: Sets or Sequences?
Design and Development of a Stream Service in a Heterogenous Client Environment.
CheeTah: a Lightweight Transaction Server for Plug-and-Play Internet Data Management.
Structural Function Inlining Technique for Structurally Recursive XML Queries.
Knowledge-Bases and Database Engineering.
Algorithmic Applications for a new Result on Multivalued Dependencies.
SVP: A Model Capturing Sets, Lists, Streams, and Parallelism.
Efficient and Decentralized PageRank Approximation in a Peer-to-Peer Web Search Network.
Information Management for Genome Level Bioinformatics.
The Need for Data Quality.
Managing Text as Data.
The TreeScape System: Reuse of Pre-Computed Aggregates over Irregular OLAP Hierarchies.
Extending Practical Pre-Aggregation in On-Line Analytical Processing.
A Computer Architecture for Large (Distributed) Data Bases.
EEV Evaluation and Implementation of Database Systems.
Catching the Best Views of Skyline: A Semantic Approach Based on Decisive Subspaces.
Empirical Comparison of Database Concurrency Schemes.
The Complexity of Transformation-Based Join Enumeration.
Application of Novel Technologies to the Management of a Very Large Date Base.
WebFilter: A High-throughput XML-based Publish and Subscribe System.
Publish/Subscribe on the Web at Extreme Speed.
S-ToPSS: Semantic Toronto Publish/Subscribe System.
CMS-ToPSS: Efficient Dissemination of RSS Documents.
Novel Approaches in Query Processing for Moving Object Trajectories.
Telidon and the Human Factors of Videotex Data Bases.
A Data Modeling Approach to Simplify the Design of User Interfaces.
Fundamental and Secondary Issues in the Design of Non-Procedural Relational Languages.
Materialization: A Powerful and Ubiquitous Abstraction Pattern.
Designing A Generalized NF2 Model with an SQL-Type Language Interface.
Exploiting Versions for Handling Updates in Broadcast Disks.
Integrity Constraint and Rule Maintenance in Temporal Deductive Knowledge Bases.
Generating Thousand Benchmark Queries in Seconds.
Large Scale Data Warehouses on Grid: Oracle Database 10g and HP ProLiant Systems.
Oracle Industrial Exhibit.
Disk Mirroring with Alternating Deferred Updates.
Structure and Value Synopses for XML Data Graphs.
Towards a Formal Approach for Object Database Design.
Mixed concurrency control: Dealing with heterogeneity in distributed database systems.
Estimation of Query-Result Distribution and its Application in Parallel-Join Load Balancing.
Selectivity Estimation Without the Attribute Value Independence Assumption.
Translating Web Data.
Data Compression in Oracle.
Quintillabit: Parameters of a Hyperlarge Database.
Merging Models Based on Given Correspondences.
A Scalable Algorithm for Answering Queries Using Views.
A Functional Programming Approach to Deductive Databases.
A Domain-theoretic Approach to Integrating Functional and Logic Database Languages.
Investigation of Algebraic Query Optimisation Techniques for Database Programming Languages.
In Cyber Space No One can Hear You Scream.
Towards an Optimal Data-Structure: CB-trees.
An Algebraic Query Model for Effective and Efficient Retrieval of XML Fragments.
Hardware Organization for Nonnumeric Processing
Split-Transactions for Open-Ended Activities.
Efficient Main Memory Data Management Using the DBGraph Storage Model.
Synthesizing Database Transactions.
Integrity Constraint Reformulation for Efficient Validation.
Knowledge-based Integrity Constraint Validation.
The ND-Tree: A Dynamic Indexing Technique for Multidimensional Non-ordered Discrete Data Spaces.
A Methodologic Guide-Line for the Instalation of Data Base Development Tools and Data Administration Tools: Two Case Studies from Brazil.
Natural Language Data Bases.
An Information-Retrieval Approach for Image Databases.
Loading the Data Warehouse Across Various Parallel Architectures
Crawling the Hidden Web.
Complex Queries over Web Repositories.
Analysis of Dynamic Load Balancing Strategies for Parallel Shared Nothing Database Systems.
Dynamic Multi-Resource Load Balancing in Parallel Database Systems.
Scientific Journals: Extinction or Explosion? (Panel).
Modeling Design Versions.
The MR Diagram - A Model for Conceptual Database Design.
Rule Ordering in Bottom-Up Fixpoint Evaluation of Logic Programs.
CORAL - Control, Relations and Logic.
Architectural Issues in Distributed Data Base Systems.
Social, Educational, and Governmental Change Enabled through Information Technology.
Real-Time Databases (Panel).
A Case for Fractured Mirrors.
Potter's Wheel: An Interactive Data Cleaning System.
Parallel Querying with Non-Dedicated Computers.
Progressive Optimization in Action.
Online Dynamic Reordering for Interactive Data Processing.
How to Wring a Table Dry: Entropy Compression of Relations and Querying of Compressed Relations.
Covering Indexes for XML Queries: Bisimulation - Simulation = Negation.
Set Containment Joins: The Good, The Bad and The Ugly.
E.piphany Epicenter Technology Overview.
On the Discovery of Interesting Patterns in Association Rules.
Integrating the UB-Tree into a Database System Kernel.
Champagne: Data Change Propagation for Heterogeneous Information Systems.
A Deferred Cleansing Method for RFID Data Analytics.
Cache Conscious Indexing for Decision-Support in Main Memory.
A Parallel Processing Strategy for Evaluating Recursive Queries.
A Trajectory Splitting Model for Efficient Spatio-Temporal Indexing.
PUBLIC: A Decision Tree Classifier that Integrates Building and Pruning.
A Multi-Resolution Relational Data Model.
Analyzing Plan Diagrams of Database Query Optimizers.
Solving the Phantom Problem by Predicative Optimistic Concurrency Control.
Compact Histograms for Hierarchical Identifiers.
Data Models for Secondary Storage Representations.
How System 11 SQL Server Became Fast.
Minimizing the I/O-Operations for Undo-Logging in Database Systems.
Databases and Workflow Management: What is it All About? (Panel).
The Heterogeneity Problem and Middleware Technology: Experiences with and Performance of Database Gateways.
Bridging Heterogeneity: Research and Practice of Database Middleware Technology.
Supporting Lists in a Data Model (A Timely Approach).
IML-Inscribed Nets for Modeling Text Processing and Data (Base) Management Systems
Active Storage for Large-Scale Data Mining and Multimedia.
Distributed Data Processing Versus Distributed Data Base Processing
Production Program Generation in a Flexible Data Dictionary System.
Monitoring Database Objects.
Semantic Access: Semantic Interface for Querying Databases.
Maintaining Data Privacy in Association Rule Mining.
A Multi-Purpose Implementation of Mandatory Access Control in Relational Database Management Systems.
GMine: A System for Scalable, Interactive Graph Visualization and Mining.
Data Sharing in the Hyperion Peer Database System.
FAS - A Freshness-Sensitive Coordination Middleware for a Cluster of OLAP Components.
Tools for Information System Dynamics Management.
Recovery Principles in MySQL Cluster 5.1.
Processing Conjunctive Predicates and Queries.
Anatomy of a Mudular Multiple Query Optimizer.
Situation Monitoring for Active Databases.
An Example of Knowledge-Based Query Processing in a CAD/CAM DBMS.
Extending the Algebraic Framework of Query Processing to Handle Outerjoins.
Data Integration in the Large: The Challenge of Reuse.
Security of Shared Data in Large Systems: State of the Art and Research Directions.
A Faceted Query Engine Applied to Archaeology.
Symmetric Relations and Cardinality-Bounded Multisets in Database Systems.
Fast Computation of Sparse Datacubes.
Database Support for Hypertext.
Cost Models DO Matter: Providing Cost Information for Diverse Data Sources in a Federated System.
Don't Scrap It, Wrap It! A Wrapper Architecture for Legacy Data Sources.
ARIES/NT: A Recovery Method Based on Write-Ahead Logging for Nested Transactions.
Distributed Database Management.
A Survey of Research and Development in Distributed Database Management.
Fixed-point semantics and the representation of algorithms on large data.
Preliminary Design of ADMS±: A Workstation-Mainframe Integrated Architecture for Database Management Systems.
The Cubetree Storage Organization.
Using Semantic Networks for Database Management.
"Fill-in-the-Form" Programming.
The POSTGRES Data Model.
A Framework for Automating Physical Database Design.
Multiview: A Methodology for Supporting Multiple Views in Object-Oriented Databases.
Aggregates in Possibilistic Databases.
CAPE: Continuous Query Engine with Heterogeneous-Grained Adaptivity.
Towards a Cooperative Transaction Model - The Cooperative Activity Model.
Multidatabase Applications: Semantic and System Issues.
Intra-Transaction Parallelism in the Mapping of an Object Model to a Relational Multi-Processor System.
Sorting, Grouping and Duplicate Elimination in the Advanced Information Management Prototype.
Database Partitioning in a Cluster of Processors.
Index Access with a Finite Buffer.
A Mechanism for Managing the Buffer Pool in a Relational Database System Using the Hot Set Model.
The Structured Information Manager: A Database System for SGML Documents.
A Sequential Pattern Query Language for Supporting Instant Data Mining for e-Services.
IDA: An Intelligent Data Access Program.
Equivalence among Relational Expressions with the Union and Difference Operation.
Building Light-Weight Wrappers for Legacy Web Data-Sources Using W4F.
General Purpose Database Summarization.
A Method for Defining Information Structures and Transactions in Conceptual Schema Design
Mining Approximate Top-K Subspace Anomalies in Multi-Dimensional Time-Series Data.
Similarity Search for Adaptive Ellipsoid Queries Using Spatial Transformation.
The A-tree: An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Spaces Using Relative Approximation.
Principles of Transaction-Based On-Line Reorganization.
Spatial Databases.
A Description Language and Pilot-System Executive for Information-Transport Systems.
GeMBASE: A Geometric Mediator for Brain Analysis with Surface Ensembles.
The Quest for Comprehensive Semantic Formalisms.
User-Adaptive Exploration of Multidimensional Data.
Automation in Information Extraction and Data Integration.
Query Processing in Tertiary Memory Databases.
Explaining Differences in Multidimensional Aggregates.
ALIAS: An Active Learning led Interactive Deduplication System.
Reordering Query Execution in Tertiary Memory Databases.
Green Query Optimization: Taming Query Optimization Overheads through Plan Recycling.
Using History Information to Process Delayed Database Updates.
Intelligent Rollups in Multidimensional OLAP Data.
Local and Global Query Optimization Mechanisms for Relational Databases.
QUIET: Continuous Query-driven Index Tuning.
An Efficient Algorithm for Mining Association Rules in Large Databases.
Maintaining XPath Views In Loosely Coupled Systems.
Business Process Cockpit.
Tuning Schema Matching Software using Synthetic Scenarios.
Controlling Data Warehouses with Knowledge Networks.
Architecture of the SOFIS Data Base Management System.
Panel: Future Directions of Database Research - The VLDB Broadening Strategy, Part 1.
Data Structures for an Integrated Data Base Management and Information Retrieval System.
WATCHMAN : A Data Warehouse Intelligent Cache Manager.
IBM's DB2 Universal Database demonstrations at VLDB'98.
An Abstract Introduction to the Temporal-Hierarchic Data Model (THM).
Lachesis: Robust Database Storage Management Based on Device-specific Performance Characteristics.
A Survey of Physical Database Design Methodology and Techniques.
Optimistic Methods for Concurrency Control in Distributed Database Systems
A Multi-Level Architecture for Relational Data Base Systems.
Parallel Processing of Relations: A Single-Assignment Approach.
QStream: Deterministic Querying of Data Streams.
Robust Real-time Query Processing with QStream.
XMark: A Benchmark for XML Data Management.
Research Directions in Biodiversity Informatics
Tradeoffs in Processing Complex Join Queries via Hashing in Multiprocessor Database Machines.
Supporting Flat Relations by a Nested Relational Kernel.
Commercial Use of Database Technology.
The ADABAS Buffer Pool Manager.
Database Requirements of Knowledge-based Production Scheduling and Control: A CIM Perspective.
Alert: An Architecture for Transforming a Passive DBMS into an Active DBMS.
Stanford's Generalized Database System.
Auditing Large Scale Data Bases.
XXL - A Library Approach to Supporting Efficient Implementations of Advanced Database Queries.
Techniques for Design and Implementation of Efficient Spatial Access Methods.
The Buddy-Tree: An Efficient and Robust Access Method for Spatial Data Base Systems.
Reading a Set of Disk Pages.
Event-Join Optimization in Temporal Relational Databases.
Data Management for Large Rule Systems.
Efficient User-Adaptable Similarity Search in Large Multimedia Databases.
A Multi-version Cache Replacement and Prefetching Policy for Hybrid Data Delivery Environments.
New Seat Reservation System for Japanese National Railways - Distributed Processing Network and High Efficiency Databases.
Multiple Concurrent Updates.
Metrics for Accessing Heterogeneous Data: Is There Any Hope? (Panel).
Information Integration and XML in IBM's DB2.
Predictions and Challenges for Database Systems in the Year 2000.
The R+-Tree: A Dynamic Index for Multi-Dimensional Objects.
Multidimensional Access Methods: Trees Have Grown Everywhere.
Transaction Support in Read Optimizied and Write Optimized File Systems.
Specification of Stored Data Structures and Desired Output Results in DIAM II with FORAL.
FORAL LP: Design and Implementation.
DIAM II and Levels of Abstraction - The Physical Device Level: A General Model for Access Methods.
A Logical Framework for Scheduling Workflows under Resource Allocation Constraints.
Object-Oriented Specification of Databases: An Algebraic Approach.
The Design and Implementation of a Sequence Database System.
The Case for Enhanced Abstract Data Types.
Program Development by Transformations Applied to Relational Database Queries.
New Concurrency Control Algorithms for Accessing and Compacting B-Trees.
Data Base System Performance Prediction Using an Analytical Model (Invited Paper)
Filter Trees for Managing Spatial Data over a Range of Size Granularities
Distributed Linear Hashing and Parallel Projection in Main Memory Databases.
Parallel Algorithms for High-dimensional Similarity Joins for Data Mining Applications.
SPRINT: A Scalable Parallel Classifier for Data Mining
An Efficient and Resilient Approach to Filtering and Disseminating Streaming Data.
Client Assignment in Content Dissemination Networks for Dynamic Data.
Maintaining Coherency of Dynamic Data in Cooperating Repositories.
INSITE: A Tool for Interpreting Users? Interaction with a Web Space.
Relational Databases for Querying XML Documents: Limitations and Opportunities.
Querying XML Views of Relational Data.
Efficiently Publishing Relational Data as XML Documents.
Clotho: Decoupling memory page layout from storage organization.
Efficient Scheduling of Heterogeneous Continuous Queries.
The Spatial Skyline Queries.
AIDA: an Adaptive Immersive Data Analyzer.
What is a "Good" Semantic or Meta Model?
The Data Dictionary Facilities of NDB.
NetBook - a Data Model to Support Knowledge Exploration.
Database Tuning: Principles, Experiments, and Troubleshooting Techniques.
Database Tuning.
Cache Conscious Algorithms for Relational Query Processing.
Technology and the Future of Commerce and Finance (Abstract).
Coping with Complexity in Automated Reasoning about Database Systems.
EOS: Unstoppable Stateful PHP.
EOS: Exactly-Once E-Service Middleware.
WaveCluster: A Multi-Resolution Clustering Approach for Very Large Spatial Databases.
A Formal Model of Trade-off between Optimization and Execution Costs in Semantic Query Optimization.
Multi-Join Optimization for Symmetric Multiprocessors.
SELF-SERV: A Platform for Rapid Composition of Web Services in a Peer-to-Peer Environment.
The Data-Centric Revolution in Networking.
Federated Database Systems for Managing Distributed, Heterogeneous, and Autonomous Databases.
Bellcore's ADAPT/X Harness System for Managing Information on Internet and Intranets.
Supporting State-Wide Immunisation Tracking Using Multi-Paradigm Workflow Technology.
A Shrinking-Based Approach for Multi-Dimensional Data Analysis.
Filtering with Approximate Predicates.
Active and Accelerated Learning of Cost Models for Optimizing Scientific Applications.
Architectures for Internal Web Services Deployment.
Path Expressions for Complex Queries and Automatic Database Program Conversion.
Statistical Databases: Characteristics, Problems, and some Solutions.
On the Implementation of a Logical Data Base Converter.
Temporal Data Management.
Characteristics of Scientific Databases.
Materialized View Selection for Multidimensional Datasets.
Storage Estimation for Multidimensional Aggregates in the Presence of Hierarchies.
An Information-Theoretic Study on Aggregate Responses.
Standardization and Database Systems.
Using Design Axioms and Topology to Model Database Semantics.
A Metadata Approach to Resolving Semantic Conflicts.
Integrating Implicit Answers with Object-Oriented Queries.
Next Generation Data Management in Enterprise Application Platforms.
Scalable Techniques for Mining Causal Structures.
Promises and Realities of Active Database Systems.
Implementing High Level Active Rules on Top of a Relational DBMS.
A DBMS for the U.S. Bureo of the Census.
SIT-IN: a Real-Life Spatio-Temporal Information System.
Efficiency-Quality Tradeoffs for Vector Score Aggregation.
Query Execution Assurance for Outsourced Databases.
Resilient Rights Protection for Sensor Streams.
GORDIAN: Efficient and Scalable Discovery of Composite Keys.
The Complexity of Fully Materialized Coalesced Cubes.
Reasoning About Spatial Relationships in Picture Retrieval Systems.
Similarity based Retrieval of Pictures Using Indices on Spatial Relationships.
From Focused Crawling to Expert Information: an Application Framework for Web Exploration and Portal Generation.
Trust-Serv: A Lightweight Trust Negotiation Service.
Concurrent Garbage Collection in O2.
Massive Stochastic Testing of SQL.
Comments on the paper "Data Base Design in Theory and Practice" by Bo Sundgren.
Conversion and the CODASYL Framework.
A Normal Form for Abstract Syntax.
Entity Modeling in the MLS Relational Model.
Tamper Detection in Audit Logs.
Concurrent Data Base Reorganization - Assessment of a Powerful Technique through Modeling
The Rufus System: Information Organization for Semi-Structured Data.
Software Requirement Definition and Data Models.
The Semantic Web Paving the Way to the Knowledge Society.
IT839 Policy Leading to u-Korea.
Database Management in the Year 2000: Projections and Star Gazing (Panel).
User Interfaces; Who Cares?
Cooperative Database Design (Panel).
A Generalized End-User Facility Architecture for Relational Database Systems.
A Pragmatic Approach to Database Design.
AQAX: A System for Approximate XML Query Answers.
Table of Contents (pdf).
Informix-Online XPS: A Dynamically Scalable RDBMS for Open Parallel Platforms.
Framework for the Security Component of an Ada DBMS.
Translation Structures of Relational Views.
The hcC-tree: An Efficient Index Structure for Object Oriented Databases.
Mining Generalized Association Rules.
A Platform Based on the Multi-dimensional Data Model for Analysis of Bio-Molecular Structures.
Oracle8i Index-Organized Table and Its Application to New Domains.
Information Management Challenges from the Aerospace Industry.
A logical framework for temporal deductive databases.
Cumulative Updates.
Answering Queries with Aggregation Using Views.
Query Optimization over Web Services.
Coral++: Adding Object-Orientation to a Logic Database Language.
Memory-Limited Execution of Windowed Stream Joins.
Discovery of Influence Sets in Frequently Updated Databases.
The Bloomba Personal Content Database.
Adaptive Data Broadcast in Hybrid Networks.
Incremental Maintenance of Externally Materialized Views.
Status Report on ISO/TC97/SC5/WG3 - Data Base Management Systems.
From Nested-Loop to Join Queries in OODB.
Bypassing Joins in Disjunctive Queries.
Mapping Moving Landscapes by Mining Mountains of Logs: Novel Techniques for Dependency Model Generation.
A Data Base Management Facility for Automatic Generation of Data Base Managers.
The National Medical Knowledge Bank.
LEO - DB2's LEarning Optimizer.
Efficient Organization of Internal DBMS Structure.
A Target Logical Schema: The ACS.
Multi-Dimensional Database Allocation for Parallel Data Warehouses.
WARLOCK: A Data Allocation Tool for Parallel Warehouses.
Efficient Exploration of Large Scientific Databases.
The Design of the POSTGRES Storage System.
C-Store: A Column-oriented DBMS.
DBMS Research at a Crossroads: The Vienna Update.
Tioga: Providing Data Management Support for Scientific Visualization Applications.
TIMBER: A Sophisticated Relation Browser (Invited Paper).
The Design of XPRS.
Observations on Data Manipulation Languages and Their Embedding in General Purpose Programming Languages.
Database Portals: A New Application Program Interface.
Adaptive Self-tuning Memory in DB2.
Functional Specification of a Decision Support System.
A Dialogue Interface for Data Base Applications.
MICRONET: A Microcomputer Network System for Managing Distributed Relational Databases.
Semantic Query Optimization in an Automata-Algebra Combined XQuery Engine over XML Streams.
Semantic Query Optimization for XQuery over XML Streams.
High-Level Navigational Facilities for Network and Relational Databases.
Procedures in Object-Oriented Query Languages.
Viewers: A Data-World Analogue of Procedure Calls.
Query Optimization by Stored Queries.
Online Outlier Detection in Sensor Data Using Non-Parametric Models.
Query Decomposition and View Maintenance for Query Languages for Unstructured Data.
Implementation and Analysis of a Parallel Collection Query Language.
Aggregation and Relevance in Deductive Databases.
Elimination of View and Redundant Variables in a SQL-like Database Language for Extended NF2 Structures.
Tribeca: A Stream Database Manager for Network Traffic Analysis.
Using Write Protected Data Structures To Improve Software Fault Tolerance in Highly Available Database Management Systems.
A Product Specification Database for Visual Prototyping.
Developing an Indexing Scheme for XML Document Collection using the Oracle8i Extensibility Framework.
Data Base Design in Theory and Practice.
On Search Performance for Conjunctive Queries in Compressed, Fully Transposed Ordered Files.
Database Theory and its Relationship to Practice.
End User Access to Very Large Databases in an Automated Office/Workstation Environment.
Answering XPath Queries over Networks by Sending Minimal Views.
Versions of Simple and Composite Objects.
DB1 - A DBMS-Based Application Generator.
Dynamic Load Balancing for Parallel Association Rule Mining on Heterogenous PC Cluster Systems.
Efficient Progressive Skyline Computation.
Online Feedback for Nested Aggregate Queries with Multi-Threading.
Walking Through a Very Large Virtual Environment in Real-time.
Bit-Sliced VLSI Algorithm for Search and Sort.
Decomposition and Composition of a Relational Database.
Logical Integration of Locally Independent Relational Databases into a Distributed Database
Indexing Multi-Dimensional Uncertain Data with Arbitrary Probability Density Functions.
Adaptive Index Structures.
Reverse kNN Search in Arbitrary Dimensionality.
Continuous Nearest Neighbor Search.
Practical Suffix Tree Construction.
Load Shedding in a Data Stream Manager.
Window-Aware Load Shedding for Aggregation Queries over Data Streams.
Choice and Performance in Locking for Databases.
Concurrency in the Data Warehouse.
Database Program Conversion: A Framework for Research.
High-Performance and Scalability through Application Tier,In-Memory Data Management.
Towards Event-Driven Modelling for Database Design.
A Regression-Based Temporal Pattern Mining Scheme for Data Streams.
SVT: Schema Validation Tool for Microsoft SQL-Server.
An Efficient and Versatile Query Engine for TopX Search.
Top-k Query Evaluation with Probabilistic Guarantees.
Data Warehouse Configuration.
Comments on the Paper "Data Base Design in Theory and Practice".
A Superjoin Algorithm for Deductive Databases.
Psychological Issues in Data Base Management.
A Plan-Operator Concept for Client-Based Knowledge Progressing.
Building Usable Menu-Based Natural Language Interfaces To Databases.
AWESOME - A Data Warehouse-based System for Adaptive Website Recommendations.
Tuple Routing Strategies for Distributed Eddies.
A Micro-DBMS for a Distributed Data Base.
PRTV: An Efficient Implementation for Large Relational Data Bases.
Multi-Level Structures of the DBTG Data Model for an Achievement of Physical Data Independence.
Sampling Large Databases for Association Rules.
Choosing an Efficient Internal Schema.
Biological Data Management: Research, Practice and Opportunities.
The Reconstruction and Optimization of Trie Hashing Functions.
Chameleon: an Extensible and Customizable Tool for Web Data Translation.
The ADD System: An Architecture for Distributed Databases.
Type Classification of Semi-Structured Documents.
On-Demand Data Elevation in Hierarchical Multimedia Storage Servers.
The GMAP: A Versatile Tool for Physical Data Independence.
Features of a Conceptual Schema.
OFS: An Integrated Form Management System.
Integrating Data Base and Message Systems (Invited Paper)
A Multimedia Office Filing System.
The Generalized Pre-Grouping Transformation: Aggregate-Query Optimization in the Presence of Dependencies.
Multi-Level Data Model in DPLS - Database, Dynamic Program Control & Open-Ended Pol Support.
Data Mining in the Bioinformatics Domain.
Are Web Services the Next Revolution in e-Commerce? (Panel).
LDL: A Logic-Based Data Language.
Load Shedding in Stream Databases: A Control-Based Approach.
A Pragmatic Approach to Structured Database Design.
A Tool for Modular Database Design.
Similarity Search: A Matching Based Approach.
A DBMS for Large Statistical Databases.
A Temporal Relational Algebra as Basis for Temporal Relational Completeness.
Atomicity versus Anonymity: Distributed Transactions for Electronic Commerce.
An Extended Relational Database System and It's Application to Management of Logic Diagrama.
BilVideo Video Database Management System.
Querying Business Processes with BP-QL.
Dynamic Pipeline Scheduling for Improving Interactive Query Performance.
A Method for Change Computation in Deductive Databases.
Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Implementation Techniques of Complex Objects.
Very Large Databases: How Large, How Different?
Describing and Using Query Capabilities of Heterogeneous Sources.
Functional Dependencies and Incomplete Information.
How Does an Expert System Get its Data? (Extended Abstract).
Mapping Adaptation under Evolving Schemas.
The O2 Object Manager: an Overview.
Systematic Derivation of Complementary Specifications
Views in a Large Scale XML Repository.
Heterogeneous Database Query Optimization in DB2 Universal DataJoiner.
Reference-based Indexing of Sequence Databases.
The Role of Integrity Constraints in Database Interoperation.
Characterization of Well-Behaved Database Schemata and Their Update Semantics.
Data Base Design by Applied Data Synthesis.
Applying Hash Filters to Improving the Execution of Bushy Trees.
From Data Independence to Knowledge Independence: An on-going Story.
A Dependability Benchmark for OLTP Application Environments.
Maximizing the Output Rate of Multi-Way Join Queries over Streaming Information Sources.
GnatDb: A Small-Footprint, Secure Database System.
Applying Data Mining Techniques to a Health Insurance Information System.
An Adaptive Hybrid Server Architecture for Client Caching ODBMSs.
The Mirror MMDBMS Architecture.
FeedbackBypass: A New Approach to Interactive Similarity Query Processing.
Et tu, XML? The downfall of the relational empire (abstract).
On Retrieval from a Small Version of a Large Data Base.
Data Planning.
Strategies for Handling Transactions in Distributed Data Base Systems During Recovery.
Nested Transactions with Multiple Commit Points: An Approach to the Structuring of Advanced Database Applications.
Database Support for Knowledge-Based Image Evaluation.
A Taxonomy and Performance Model of Data Skew Effects in Parallel Joins.
DB2 Query Parallelism: Staging and Implementation.
Avoiding Ordering and Grouping In Query Processing.
Computing PageRank in a Distributed Internet Search Engine System.
Mining Frequent Itemsets Using Support Constraints.
Bloom Histogram: Path Selectivity Estimation for XML Data with Updates.
Temporal Management of RFID Data.
Efficient Secure Query Evaluation over Encrypted XML Databases.
A Polygen Model for Heterogeneous Database Systems: The Source Tagging Perspective.
NUITS: A Novel User Interface for Efficient Keyword Search over Databases.
State-Slice: New Paradigm of Multi-query Optimization of Window-based Stream Queries.
HUX: Handling Updates in XML.
Query Processing for Distance Metrics.
An Interpolated Volume Data Model.
R-SOX: Runtime Semantic Query Optimization over XML Streams.
Efficient Processing of XML Path Queries Using the Disk-based F&B Index.
Instance-based Schema Matching for Web Databases by Domain-specific Query Probing.
STING: A Statistical Information Grid Approach to Spatial Data Mining.
Using SQL to Build New Aggregates and Extenders for Object- Relational Systems.
ATLAS: A Small but Complete SQL Extension for Data Mining and Data Streams.
Building Hierarchical Classifiers Using Class Proximity.
Name-Tracing Using the ICL Content Addressable Filestore.
Efficient Processing of Interactive Relational Data Base Queries expressed in Logic
Multi-column Substring Matching for Database Schema Translation.
A Software Engineering View of Data Base Management.
A Software Engineering View of Data Base Systems.
Data Bases for Software Development
A Quantitative Analysis and Performance Study for Similarity-Search Methods in High-Dimensional Spaces.
WebService Composition with O'GRAPE and OSIRIS.
Self-tuning Database Technology and Information Services: from Wishful Thinking to Viable Engineering.
Architectural Issues of Transaction Management in Multi-Layered Systems.
Implementation Strategies for the Census Data Base.
An Extended Disjunctive Normal Form Approach for Optimizing Recursive Logic Queries in Loosely Coupled Environments.
Separability - An Approach to Physical Data Base Design
Physical Design of Network Model Databases Using the Property of Separability.
A Performance Study of Alternative Object Faulting and Pointer Swizzling Strategies.
GTE SuperPages: Using IR Techniques for Searching Complex Objects.
Implementing Set-Oriented Production Rules as an Extension to Starburst.
Knowledge to Mediate from User's Workstations to Databases.
Bulk Loading into an OODB: A Performance Study.
OODB Bulk Loading Revisited: The Partitioned-List Approach.
Hyperqueries: Dynamic Distributed Query Processing on the Internet.
Efficient Testing of High Performance Transaction Processing Systems.
Maintaining Consistency of Client-Cached Data.
Parallelism in a Main-Memory DBMS: The Performance of PRISMA/DB.
A Conceptual Model for Semantic Integrity Checking.
The Multipurpose Presentation System.
Semantics vs. Graphics - To Show or not to Show.
A System for Interactive Error Detection.
Optimal Choice of Data Restructuring Points.
Business Modelling Using SQL Spreadsheets.
Query By Excel.
NCR 3700 - The Next-Generation Industrial Database Computer.
Automatic Classification of Office Documents by Coupling Relational Data Bases and PROLOG Expert Systems.
Multimedia Information Management in an Object-Oriented Database System.
Algebraic Optimization of Computations over Scientific Databases.
GUIDE: Graphical User Interface for Database Exploration.
Transposition Algorithms on Very Large Compressed Databases.
Bit Transposed Files.
Factoring Augmented Regular Chain Programs.
Decentralized Authorization in a Database System.
An Implementation of Hypothetical Relations.
FALCON: Feedback Adaptive Loop for Content-Based Retrieval.
On the performance of bitmap indices for high cardinality attributes.
A Performance Study of Workfile Disk Management for Concurrent Mergesorts in a Multiprocessor Database System.
Gorder: An Efficient Method for KNN Join Processing.
On Computing Top-t Most Influential Spatial Sites.
Anatomy: Simple and Effective Privacy Preservation.
Join Index Hierarchies for Supporting Efficient Navigations in Object-Oriented Databases.
Towards Robust Indexing for Ranked Queries.
Answering Top-k Queries with Multi-Dimensional Selections: The Ranking Cube Approach.
Star-Cubing: Computing Iceberg Cubes by Top-Down and Bottom-Up Integration.
Mining Compressed Frequent-Pattern Sets.
Providing Resiliency to Load Variations in Distributed Stream Processing.
Semantic Mining and Analysis of Gene Expression Data.
Databases in a Wireless World.
Caching Strategies for Data-Intensive Web Sites.
Building and Customizing Data-Intensive Web Sites Using Weave.
Design of a Balanced Multiple Valued File Organization Schema with the Least Redundancy.
Integrating a Structured-Text Retrieval System with an Object-Oriented Database System.
Duplicate Removal in Information System Dissemination.
Eager Aggregation and Lazy Aggregation.
A Dynamic Perfect Hash Function Defined by an Extended Hash Indicator Table.
Comparing Hybrid Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Algorithms for Materialized View Design in Data Warehousing Environment.
Secure XML Publishing without Information Leakage in the Presence of Data Inference.
Query Transformation for PSJ-Queries.
Efficient Mining of XML Query Patterns for Caching.
Algorithms for Acyclic Database Schemes
Selection of File Organization Using an Analytic Model.
Checking for k-Anonymity Violation by Views.
Relational Data Model with Cause-Effect Association (Abstract).
Using High Dimensional Indexes to Support Relevance Feedback Based Interactive Images Retrival.
Toward a Design Methodology for DBMS: A Software Engineering Approach.
Automatic Extraction of Dynamic Record Sections From Search Engine Result Pages.
LinkClus: Efficient Clustering via Heterogeneous Semantic Links.
Crimson: A Data Management System to Support Evaluating Phylogenetic Tree Reconstruction Algorithms.
On Analogical Query Processing in Logic Database.
Processing Inequality Queries Based on Generalized Semi-Joins.
Improving Database Performance on Simultaneous Multithreading Processors.
Query Processing in a Relational Database Management System.
VXMLR: A Visual XML-Relational Database System.
Tabular Placement of Relational Data on MEMS-based Storage Devices.
WmXML: A System for Watermarking XML Data.
On Affinity Based Routing in Multi-System Data Sharing.
Buffering Accesses to Memory-Resident Index Structures.
False Positive or False Negative: Mining Frequent Itemsets from High Speed Transactional Data Streams.
Data Bubbles for Non-Vector Data: Speeding-up Hierarchical Clustering in Arbitrary Metric Spaces.
Schema Summarization.
Stochastic Consistency, and Scalable Pull-Based Caching for Erratic Data Sources.
Distributed Top-N Query Processing with Possibly Uncooperative Local Systems.
StatStream: Statistical Monitoring of Thousands of Data Streams in Real Time.
File Allocation in Distributed Databases with Interaction between Files.
DB2 Design Advisor: Integrated Automatic Physical Database Design.
Compressed Accessibility Map: Efficient Access Control for XML.
A Raster Approximation For Processing of Spatial Joins.
A Semantic Information Integration Tool Suite.
Different Views of a Data Base: Coexistence between Network Model and Relational Model.
Efficient Computation of the Skyline Cube.
Distributed Privacy Preserving Information Sharing.
Conference Officers.
AReNA: Adaptive Distributed Catalog Infrastructure Based On Relevance Networks.
Hyper-Programming in Java.
Estimating Block Accessses when Attributes are Correlated.
Hit Data Model Data Bases from the Functional Point of View.
The Representation and Deductive Retrieval of Complex Objects.
Query-by-Example: the Invocation and Definition of Tables and Forms.
An Adaptive Hash Join Algorithm for Multiuser Environments.
An Efficient Indexing Technique for Full Text Databases.
Experience Report: Exploiting Advanced Database Optimization Features for Large-Scale SAP R/3 Installations.
Searching Large Lexicons for Partially Specified Terms using Compressed Inverted Files.
Scientific Databases - State of the Art and Future Directions.
Efficiency of Nested Relational Document Database Systems.
AgFlow: Agent-based Cross-Enterprise Workflow Management System.
Safely and Efficiently Updating References During On-line Reorganization.
Hamming Filters: A Dynamic Signature File Organization for Parallel Stores.
Datawarehousing Has More Colours Than Just Black & White.
Progressive Computation of the Min-Dist Optimal-Location Query.
Matching Twigs in Probabilistic XML.
Light-weight Domain-based Form Assistant: Querying Web Databases On the Fly.
Probabilistic Graphical Models and their Role in Databases.
Statistical Learning Techniques for Costing XML Queries.
DataScope: Viewing Database Contents in Google Maps' Way.
Dynamic Memory Adjustment for External Mergesort.
Supporting Time-Constrained SQL Queries in Oracle.
Buffering and Read-Ahead Strategies for External Mergesort.
A Simple and Efficient Estimation Method for Stream Expression Cardinalities.
HOS-Miner: A System for Detecting Outlying Subspaces of High-dimensional Data.
Example-driven design of efficient record matching queries.
A Cost-Estimation Component for Statement Sequences.
An Approach to Optimize Data Processing in Business Processes.
Adaptive query processing: Why, How, When, and What Next?
Staying FIT: Efficient Load Shedding Techniques for Distributed Stream Processing.
Indexable PLA for Efficient Similarity Search.
VGRAM: Improving Performance of Approximate Queries on String Collections Using Variable-Length Grams.
Improving Data Quality: Consistency and Accuracy.
Efficient Keyword Search over Virtual XML Views.
Zoom*UserViews: Querying Relevant Provenance in Workflow Systems.
SQLB: A Query Allocation Framework for Autonomous Consumers and Providers.
Context-Aware Wrapping: Synchronized Data Extraction.
SciPort: An Adaptable Scientific Data Integration Platform for Collaborative Scientific Research.
The End of an Architectural Era (It's Time for a Complete Rewrite).
Secure Data Outsourcing.
Model Management and Schema Mappings: Theory and Practice.
TRAX - Real-World Tracking of Moving Objects.
Periscope/SQ: Interactive Exploration of Biological Sequence Databases.
Adaptive Aggregation on Chip Multiprocessors.
FluxCapacitor: Efficient Time-Travel Text Search.
Update Exchange with Mappings and Provenance.
Deadline and QoS Aware Data Warehouse.
Measuring the Structural Similarity of Semistructured Documents Using Entropy.
Fast Data Anonymization with Low Information Loss.
Regulatory-Compliant Data Management.
On the Production of Anorexic Plan Diagrams.
Main-Memory Operation Buffering for Efficient R-Tree Update.
STAR: Self-Tuning Aggregation for Scalable Monitoring.
A STEP Towards Realizing Codd's Vision of Rendezvous with the Casual User.
Self-Tuning Database Systems: A Decade of Progress.
Computer Science 2.0: A New World of Data Management.
Efficient Use of the Query Optimizer for Automated Database Design.
On Dominating Your Neighborhood Profitably.
Proof-Infused Streams: Enabling Authentication of Sliding Window Queries On Streams.
Querying Complex Structured Databases.
XBenchMatch: a Benchmark for XML Schema Matching Tools.
Ranked Subsequence Matching in Time-Series Databases.
Materialized Views in Probabilistic Databases for Information Exchange and Query Optimization.
Dynamic Workload Management for Very Large Data Warehouses: Juggling Feathers and Bowling Balls.
Automating the Detection of Snapshot Isolation Anomalies.
Structured Materialized Views for XML Queries.
Efficient Skyline Computation over Low-Cardinality Domains.
Inferring XML Schema Definitions from XML Data.
Unifying Data and Domain Knowledge Using Virtual Views.
The GCX System: Dynamic Buffer Minimization in Streaming XQuery Evaluation.
Towards Graph Containment Search and Indexing.
Extending XQuery with Window Functions.
MIST: Distributed Indexing and Querying in Sensor Networks using Statistical Models.
LCS-TRIM: Dynamic Programming Meets XML Indexing and Querying.
FuSem - Exploring Different Semantics of Data Fusion.
Extending Dependencies with Conditions.
XML retrieval: db/ir in theory, web in practice.
NS2: Networked Searchable Store with Correctness.
Approaching the Skyline in Z Order.
On the Correctness Criteria of Fine-Grained Access Control in Relational Databases.
Increasing Buffer-Locality for Multiple Index Based Scans through Intelligent Placement and Index Scan Speed Control.
Executing Stream Joins on the Cell Processor.
Peer-to-Peer Similarity Search in Metric Spaces.
Effective Phrase Prediction.
Cooperative Scans: Dynamic Bandwidth Sharing in a DBMS.
Time Series Compressibility and Privacy.
Stop-and-Restart Style Execution for Long Running Decision Support Queries.
CADS: Continuous Authentication on Data Streams.
Query Processing over Incomplete Autonomous Databases.
A General Framework for Modeling and Processing Optimization Queries.
Randomized Algorithms for Data Reconciliation in Wide Area Aggregate Query Processing.
Performance Evaluation and Experimental Assessment - Conscience or Curse of Database Research?
Inverse Functions in the AquaLogic Data Services Platform.
Fast nGram-Based String Search Over Data Encoded Using Algebraic Signatures.
HiSbase: Histogram-based P2P Main Memory Data Management.
XRPC: Interoperable and Efficient Distributed XQuery.
SOR: A Practical System for Ontology Storage, Reasoning and Search.
Modeling and Querying Vague Spatial Objects Using Shapelets.
Declarative Information Extraction Using Datalog with Embedded Extraction Predicates.
Answering Aggregation Queries in a Secure System Model.
OLAP over Imprecise Data with Domain Constraints.
Eliminating Impedance Mismatch in C++.
Request Window: an Approach to Improve Throughput of RDBMS-based Data Integration System by Utilizing Data Sharing Across Concurrent Distributed Queries.
Multi-Probe LSH: Efficient Indexing for High-Dimensional Similarity Search .
Privacy Skyline: Privacy with Multidimensional Adversarial Knowledge.
Depth Estimation for Ranking Query Optimization.
Challenges and Experience in Prototyping a Multi-Modal Stream Analytic and Monitoring Application on System S.
Monitoring Business Processes with Queries.
P2P Authority Analysis for Social Communities.
Minimality Attack in Privacy Preserving Data Publishing.
A Bayesian Method for Guessing the Extreme Values in a Data Set.
Tracing Lineage Beyond Relational Operators.
Lazy Maintenance of Materialized Views.
Cover Page.
Extending Q-Grams to Estimate Selectivity of String Matching with Low Edit Distance.
Efficient Computation of Reverse Skyline Queries.
Semi-Automatic Schema Integration in Clio.
Data Access Patterns in The Amazon.com Technology Platform.
Probabilistic Skylines on Uncertain Data.
Why You Should Run TPC-DS: A Workload Analysis.
Adaptive Fastest Path Computation on a Road Network: A Traffic Mining Approach.
CallAssist: Helping Call Center Agents in Preference Elicitation.
From Data Privacy to Location Privacy: Models and Algorithms.
BlogScope: A System for Online Analysis of High Volume Text Streams.
Security in Outsourcing of Association Rule Mining.
A genetic approach for random testing of database systems.
A Generic solution for Warehousing Business Process Data.
Efficiently Answering Top-k Typicality Queries on Large Databases.
Making Sense of Suppressions and Failures in Sensor Data: A Bayesian Approach.
Bridging the Application and DBMS Profiling Divide for Database Application Developers.
Detecting Attribute Dependencies from Query Feedback.
Processing Forecasting Queries.
EntityRank: Searching Entities Directly and Holistically.
GhostDB: Hiding Data from Prying Eyes.
IndeGS: Index Supported Graphics Data Server for CFD Data Postprocessing.
A Relational Approach to Incrementally Extracting and Querying Structure in Unstructured Data.
Efficient Bulk Deletes for Multi Dimensionally Clustered Tables in DB2.
Self-Organizing Schema Mappings in the GridVine Peer Data Management System.
Ad-hoc Top-k Query Answering for Data Streams.
Seeking Stable Clusters in the Blogosphere.
RankMass Crawler: A Crawler with High PageRank Coverage Guarantee.
CellSort: High Performance Sorting on the Cell Processor.
Graph Indexing: Tree + Delta >= Graph.
GeRoMeSuite: A System for Holistic Generic Model Management.
To Share or Not To Share?
Data Integration with Uncertainty.
K-Anonymization as Spatial Indexing: Toward Scalable and Incremental Anonymization.
XSeek: A Semantic XML Search Engine Using Keywords.
Over-encryption: Management of Access Control Evolution on Outsourced Data.
The Boundary Between Privacy and Utility in Data Publishing.
Technology for Developing Regions.
On Efficient Spatial Matching.
iTrails: Pay-as-you-go Information Integration in Dataspaces.
Continuous Queries in Oracle.
Optimization of Frequent Itemset Mining on Multiple-Core Processor.
Welcome Message from the General Chairs.
Building Structured Web Community Portals: A Top-Down, Compositional, and Incremental Approach.
Reasoning about the Behavior of Semantic Web Services with Concurrent Transaction Logic.
Integrity Auditing of Outsourced Data.
Value-Based Notification Conditions in Large-Scale Publish/Subscribe Systems.
UQLIPS: A Real-time Near-duplicate Video Clip Detection System.
Efficient Processing of Top-k Dominating Queries on Multi-Dimensional Data.
Large Scale P2P Distribution of Open-Source Software.
Sum-Max Monotonic Ranked Joins for Evaluating Top-K Twig Queries on Weighted Data Graphs.
Best Position Algorithms for Top-k Queries.
Copyright Notice.
DAMIA - A Data Mashup Fabric for Intranet Applications.
Early Profile Pruning on XML-aware Publish/Subscribe Systems.
What does Web 2.0 have to do with databases?
Foreword from the PC Chairs.
Query language support for incomplete information in the MayBMS system.
Program Committees and External Reviewers.
Anytime Measures for Top-k Algorithms.
VLDB Endowment Board of Trustees.
Scalable Semantic Web Data Management Using Vertical Partitioning.
Raster databases.
A lightweight protocol for the generation and distribution of secure e-coupons.
Browsing on small screens: recasting web-page segmentation into an efficient machine learning framework.
Incremental formalization of document annotations through ontology-based paraphrasing.
Certified email with a light on-line trusted third party: design and implementation.
Sic transit gloria telae: towards an understanding of the web's decay.
The chatty web: emergent semantics through gossiping.
Random sampling from a search engine's index.
Adaptive on-line page importance computation.
Template detection via data mining and its applications.
Automatic matchmaking of web services.
Information search and re-access strategies of experienced web users.
'e-science and cyberinfrastructure: a middleware perspective'.
A service creation environment based on end to end composition of Web services.
Intelligent crawling on the World Wide Web with arbitrary predicates.
Learning search engine specific query transformations for question answering.
Sensor-enhanced mobile web clients: an XForms approach.
Vinci: a service-oriented architecture for rapid development of web applications.
An SPath-based preference language for P3P.
Make it fresh, make it quick: searching a network of personal webservers.
Mining newsgroups using networks arising from social behavior.
LSH forest: self-tuning indexes for similarity search.
On integrating catalogs.
YouServ: a web-hosting and content sharing tool for the masses.
Searching with numbers.
An evaluation of binary XML encoding optimizations for fast stream based xml processing.
Position paper: ontology construction from online ontologies.
The distribution of pageRank follows a power-law only for particular values of the damping factor.
Semantic analytics on social networks: experiences in addressing the problem of conflict of interest detection.
Parsing owl dl: trees or triples?
Enabling full service surrogates using the portable channel representation.
A community-aware search engine.
The design and implementation of the redland RDF application framework.
GIO: a semantic web application using the information grid framework.
Shared lexicon for distributed annotations on the Web.
Texquery: a full-text search extension to xquery.
Disambiguating Web appearances of people in a social network.
Modeling redirection in geographically diverse server sets.
Sampling search-engine results.
A flexible framework for engineering "my" portals.
Detecting nepotistic links by language model disagreement.
Communities from seed sets.
Personalizing Web Sites for Mobile Users.
Web montage: a dynamic personalized start page.
Selective hypertext induced topic search.
Design and development of learning management system at universiti Putra Malaysia: a case study of e-SPRINT.
Testing google ionterfaces modified for the blind.
A component model for stardardized web-based education.
Supporting online problem-solving communities with the semantic web.
Characterization of a large web site population with implications for content delivery.
Personalizing E-commerce applications with on-line heuristic decision making.
BuzzRank ... and the trend is your friend.
SemRank: ranking complex relationship search results on the semantic web.
?-Queries: enabling querying for semantic associations on the semantic web.
Composite events for xml.
An event-condition-action language for XML.
WWW at 15 years: looking forward.
Knowledge encapsulation for focused search from pervasive devices.
Design for verification for asynchronously communicating Web services.
Path summaries and path partitioning in modern XML databases.
Expressiveness of XSDs: from practice to theory, there and back again.
Web service interfaces.
When experts agree: using non-affiliated experts to rank popular topics.
Paid placement strategies for internet search engines.
DoNet: a semantic domotic framework.
Ensuring required failure atomicity of composite Web services.
Knowing the user's every move: user activity tracking for website usability evaluation and implicit interaction.
Generating maps of web pages using cellular automata.
Focused crawling: experiences in a real world project.
A constraint extension to scalable vector graphics.
A software framework for matchmaking based on semantic web technology.
Relationship between web links and trade.
Finding experts and their eetails in e-mail corpora.
Distributed cooperative Apache web server.
On representation of a highlight on the Web: the amber room as a cultural phenomenon in progress.
PageRank as a function of the damping factor.
The webgraph framework I: compression techniques.
On optimal service selection.
Pushing reactive services to XML repositories using active rules.
Finding authorities and hubs from link structures on the World Wide Web.
Bootstrapping semantics on the web: meaning elicitation from schemas.
Fluid annotations through open hypermedia: using and extending emerging web standards.
ChangeDetector[tm]: a site-level monitoring tool for the WWW.
Capturing RIA concepts in a web modeling language.
Meaning on the web: evolution vs intelligent design?
Exception handling in workflow-driven Web applications.
The case for technology for developing regions.
Efficient URL caching for world wide web crawling.
eBag: a ubiquitous Web infrastructure for nomadic learning.
Enabling knowledge representation on the Web by extending RDF schema.
Improved annotation of the blogosphere via autotagging and hierarchical clustering.
The new economy: an engineer's perspective.
Reappraising cognitive styles in adaptive web applications.
MSL - a model for W3C XML schema.
OWL DL vs. OWL flight: conceptual modeling and reasoning for the semantic Web.
Protecting electronic commerce from distributed denial-of-service attacks.
Hardening Web browsers against man-in-the-middle and eavesdropping attacks.
CaTTS: calendar types and constraints for Web applications.
Improving mobile internet usability.
Clustering for opportunistic communication.
Content extraction signatures using XML digital signatures and custom transforms on-demand.
Conversation specification: a new approach to design and analysis of e-service composition.
Keys for XML.
Seeing the whole in parts: text summarization for web browsing on handheld devices.
A search engine for natural language applications.
RDFPeers: a scalable distributed RDF repository based on a structured peer-to-peer network.
Status of the African Web.
A framework for XML data streams history checking and monitoring.
Automating metadata generation: the simple indexing interface.
Using XForms to simplify Web programming.
Conceptual linking: ontology-based open hypermedia.
Unparsing RDF/XML.
Named graphs, provenance and trust.
Site level noise removal for search engines.
A client-aware dispatching algorithm for web clusters providing multiple services.
From adaptation engineering to aspect-oriented context-dependency.
Integrating the document object model with hyperlinks for enhanced topic distillation and information extraction.
The structure of broad topics on the web.
Optimizing scoring functions and indexes for proximity search in type-annotated corpora.
Accelerated focused crawling through online relevance feedback.
Requirements for multimedia document enrichment.
Map adaptation for users of mobile systems.
Resource management for scalable disconnected access to Web services.
IEPAD: information extraction based on pattern discovery.
Personalization and accessibility: integration of library and web approaches.
An admission control scheme for predictable server response time for web accesses.
Detecting web page structure for adaptive viewing on small form factor devices.
XQuery containment in presence of variable binding dependencies.
Function-based object model towards website adaptation.
Semantic similarity between search engine queries using temporal correlation.
LiteMinutes: an Internet-based system for multimedia meeting minutes.
Parallel crawlers.
Impact of search engines on page popularity.
A multi-threaded PIPELINED Web server architecture for SMP/SoC machines.
Xspect: bridging open hypermedia and XLink.
On labeling schemes for the semantic web.
Dynamic service reconfiguration for wireless web access.
Towards the self-annotating web.
Question answering on top of the BT digital library.
Gimme' the context: context-driven automatic semantic annotation with C-PANKOW.
Schemapath, a minimal extension to xml schema for conditional constraints.
A flexible learning system for wrapping tables and lists in HTML documents.
Personalized pocket directories for mobile devices.
A framework for coordinated multi-modal browsing with multiple clients.
The ODESeW 2.0 semantic web application framework.
Choosing reputable servents in a P2P network.
Ranking a stream of news.
Analyzing client interactivity in streaming media.
Towards usable Web privacy and security.
Unsupervised learning of soft patterns for generating definitions from online news.
Probabilistic query expansion using query logs.
Detecting online commercial intention (OCI).
System for spatio-temporal analysis of online news and blogs.
Fine grained access control for SOAP E-services.
Mining the peanut gallery: opinion extraction and semantic classification of product reviews.
A case for software assurance.
An e-market framework for informed trading.
Adaptive push-pull: disseminating dynamic web data.
Practical semantic analysis of web sites and documents.
Phoiling phishing.
Improving portlet interoperability through deep annotation.
Web page scoring systems for horizontal and vertical search.
SemTag and seeker: bootstrapping the semantic web via automated semantic annotation.
Using annotations in enterprise search.
Learning to map between ontologies on the semantic web.
A combined approach to checking web ontologies.
The SOWES approach to P2P web search using semantic overlays.
Web-assisted annotation, semantic indexing and search of television and radio news.
Analysis of WWW traffic in Cambodia and Ghana.
Visualizing tags over time.
A probabilistic approach to automated bidding in alternative auctions.
Rank aggregation methods for the Web.
Managing versions of web documents in a transaction-time web server.
Building voiceXML browsers with openVXI.
An adaptive model for optimizing performance of an incremental web crawler.
Ranking the web frontier.
A method for transparent admission control and request scheduling in e-commerce web sites.
Web-scale information extraction in knowitall: (preliminary results).
A web-based resource migration protocol using WebDAV.
Searching the workplace web.
A unified constraint model for XML.
Model-theoretic semantics for the web.
Addressing the testing challenge with a web-based e-assessment system that tutors as it assesses.
Towards practical genre classification of web documents.
Compressing and searching XML data via two zips.
Living the TV revolution: unite MHP to the web or face IDTV irrelevance!
A large-scale study of the evolution of web pages.
Personal DJ, an architecture for personalised content delivery.
A pragmatic application of the semantic web using SemTalk.
Placing search in context: the concept revisited.
Extracting query modifications from nonlinear SVMs.
XL: an XML programming language for web service specification and composition.
Scaling link-based similarity search.
Compiling XSLT 2.0 into XQuery 1.0.
Law-governed peer-to-peer auctions.
Background knowledge for ontology construction.
WebViews: accessing personalized web content and services.
Analysis of interacting BPEL web services.
Generation of multimedia TV news contents for WWW.
Safeguard against : generation and applications of UC-simlist.
An audio/video analysis mechanism for web indexing.
Newsjunkie: providing personalized newsfeeds via analysis of information novelty.
Application specific data replication for edge services.
Geographically focused collaborative crawling.
Web based device independent mobile map applications.: the m-CHARTIS system.
Integrating semantic web and language technologies to improve the online public administrations services.
Estimating required recall for successful knowledge acquisition from the web.
Agent-based semantic web services.
XPath filename expansion in a Unix shell.
Towards content trust of web resources.
Real and the future of digital media.
Using web structure for classifying and describing web pages.
SGSDesigner: a graphical interface for annotating and designing semantic grid services.
Ontology-based legal information retrieval to improve the information access in e-government.
Semantic search.
Effective web-scale crawling through website analysis.
Streaming speech: a framework for generating and streaming 3D text-to-speech and audio presentations to wireless PDAs as specified using extensions to SMIL.
Keynote talk.
A possible simplification of the semantic web architecture.
Analysis of multimedia workloads with implications for internet streaming.
Text joins in an RDBMS for web data integration.
P2Cast: peer-to-peer patching scheme for VoD service.
Description logic programs: combining logic programs with description logic.
Verifying genre-based clustering approach to content extraction.
SweetDeal: representing agent contracts with exceptions using XML rules, ontologies, and process descriptions.
DOM-based content extraction of HTML documents.
Information diffusion through blogspace.
The web beyond popularity: a really simple system for web scale RSS.
Executing incoherency bounded continuous queries at web data aggregators.
Propagation of trust and distrust.
Using proxy cache relocation to accelerate Web browsing in wireless/mobile communications.
A convenient method for securely managing passwords.
Protecting browser state from web privacy attacks.
Piazza: data management infrastructure for semantic web applications.
Protecting browser state from web privacy attacks.
An ontology for internal and external business processes.
One document to bind them: combining XML, web services, and the semantic web.
Generating summaries for large collections of geo-referenced photographs.
Translating XSLT programs to Efficient SQL queries.
Temporal rules for mobile web personalization.
Partitioning of Web graphs by community topology.
Text-based video blogging.
Designing ethical phishing experiments: a study of (ROT13) rOnl query features.
Invasive browser sniffing and countermeasures.
sTeam - Designing an integrative infrastructure for Web-based computer-supported cooperative learning.
Authoring and annotation of web pages in CREAM.
Position paper: towards the notion of gloss, and the adoption of linguistic resources in formal ontology engineering.
On deep annotation.
A browser for browsing the past web.
Innovation for a human-centered network: NTT's R&D activities for achieving the NTT group's medium-term management strategy.
XJ: facilitating XML processing in Java.
Scaling personalized web search.
AwareDAV: a generic WebDAV notification framework and implementation.
Graphical representation of RDF queries.
Using graph matching techniques to wrap data from PDF documents.
Mining RDF metadata for generalized association rules: knowledge discovery in the semantic web era.
Learning and inferencing in user ontology for personalized semantic web services.
Efficient search for peer-to-peer information retrieval using semantic small world.
Topic-sensitive PageRank.
Evaluating strategies for similarity search on the web.
A RTP to HTTP video gateway.
Examining the content and privacy of web browsing incidental information.
Generating query substitutions.
FeedEx: collaborative exchange of news feeds.
Flash crowds and denial of service attacks: characterization and implications for CDNs and web sites.
Annotea: an open RDF infrastructure for shared Web annotations.
Efficient query subscription processing for prospective search engines.
Query-free news search.
Efficient Web form entry on PDAs.
Web-based personalization and management of interactive video.
Hierarchical substring caching for efficient content distribution to low-bandwidth clients.
Thresher: automating the unwrapping of semantic content from the World Wide Web.
SecuBat: a web vulnerability scanner.
Large-scale text categorization by batch mode active learning.
Extrapolation methods for accelerating PageRank computations.
The Eigentrust algorithm for reputation management in P2P networks.
WebQuilt: a framework for capturing and visualizing the web experience.
A user profile-based approach for personal information access: shaping your information portfolio.
An integrated method for social network extraction.
Three theses of representation in the semantic web.
Live URLs: breathing life into URLs.
A proposal for an owl rules language.
Liveclassifier: creating hierarchical text classifiers through web corpora.
Protecting web servers from distributed denial of service attacks.
Offering open hypermedia services to the WWW: a step-by-step approach for developers.
Web application security assessment by fault injection and behavior monitoring.
Dynamic placement for clustered web applications.
Securing web application code by static analysis and runtime protection.
RQL: a declarative query language for RDF.
Web customization using behavior-based remote executing agents.
Combining RDF and XML schemas to enhance interoperability between metadata application profiles.
The social contract core.
Analysis of communication models in web service compositions.
Interactive wrapper generation with minimal user effort.
Price modeling in standards for electronic product catalogs based on XML.
Detecting semantic cloaking on the web.
Efficient edge-services for colorblind users.
Using web browser interactions to predict task.
Aliasing on the world wide web: prevalence and performance implications.
1000 years of the olympic games: treasures of ancient Greece. digital reconstruction at the home of the gods.
Microformats: a pragmatic path to the semantic web.
pTHINC: a thin-client architecture for mobile wireless web.
Topic segmentation of message hierarchies for indexing and navigation support.
A decentralized CF approach based on cooperative agents.
Implementing physical hyperlinks using ubiquitous identifier resolution.
Improvement of HITS-based algorithms on web documents.
CiteSeerx: an architecture and web service design for an academic document search engine.
Mixed-initiative, multi-source information assistants.
Batch rekeying for secure group communications.
Dynamic coordination of information management services for processing dynamic web content.
Retrieving and organizing web pages by ``information unit''.
Mobile shopping assistant: integration of mobile applications and web services.
Dynamic maintenance of web indexes using landmarks.
Relaxed: on the way towards true validation of compound documents.
XML screamer: an integrated approach to high performance XML parsing, validation and deserialization.
Hierarchical, perceptron-like learning for ontology-based information extraction.
PageSim: a novel link-based measure of web page aimilarity.
Beyond XML and RDF: The Versatile Web Query Language Xcerpt.
Adding semantics to rosettaNet specifications.
Online curriculum on the semantic Web: the CSD-UoC portal for peer-to-peer e-learning.
Challenges and practices in deploying web acceleration solutions for distributed enterprise systems.
SCAN: a small-world structured p2p overlay for multi-dimensional queries.
First-order focused crawling.
Robust web content extraction.
Searching with context.
Mining anchor text for query refinement.
Making BPEL flexible: adapting in the context of coordination constraints using WS-BPEL.
DNS-enhanced web for faster content delivery.
XVM: a bridge between xml data and its behavior.
ATMEN: a triggered network measurement infrastructure.
Improving web performance by client characterization driven server adaptation.
Reasoning about similarity queries in text retrieval tasks.
Cat and mouse: content delivery tradeoffs in web access.
Engineering and hosting adaptive freshness-sensitive web applications on data centers.
Keyword extraction for contextual advertisement.
Design, implementation, and evaluation of a client characterization driven web server.
Mining topic-specific concepts and definitions on the web.
Visually guided bottom-up table detection and segmentation in web documents.
Semantic link based top-K join queries in P2P networks.
A pruning-based approach for supporting Top-K join queries.
Scalable techniques for memory-efficient CDN simulations.
Opinion observer: analyzing and comparing opinions on the Web.
On the bursty evolution of blogspace.
Online mining of frequent query trees over XML data streams.
Opinion integration through semi-supervised topic modeling.
A hierarchical monothetic document clustering algorithm for summarization and browsing search results.
Logical structure based semantic relationship extraction from semi-structured documents.
Building adaptable and reusable XML applications with model transformations.
Scaling question answering to the Web.
Improving web browsing performance on wireless pdas using thin-client computing.
Visualizing web site comparisons.
A graphical user interface toolkit approach to thin-client computing.
Shilling recommender systems for fun and profit.
Three-level caching for efficient query processing in large Web search engines.
DiTaBBu: automating the production of time-based hypermedia content.
On granting limited access to private information.
Bilingual web page and site readability assessment.
Online auctions efficiency: a survey of ebay auctions.
SHOCK: communicating with computational messages and automatic private profiles.
Bringing communities to the semantic web and the semantic web to communities.
Automatic identification of user goals in Web search.
DemIL: an online interaction language between citizen and government.
An infrastructure for searching, reusing and evolving distributed ontologies.
Image classification for mobile web browsing.
Predictive caching and prefetching of query results in search engines.
PicASHOW: pictorial authority search by hyperlinks on the Web.
Algorithmic detection of semantic similarity.
Webformulate: a web-based visual continual query system.
Vocabulary development for markup languages: a case study with maritime information.
Improving understanding of website privacy policies with fine-grained policy anchors.
A matrix density based algorithm to hierarchically co-cluster documents and words.
FLUX: fuzzy content and structure matching of XML range queries.
Constructing multi-granular and topic-focused web site maps.
POLYPHONET: an advanced social network extraction system from the web.
Efficient and robust streaming provisioning in VPNs.
Fast and efficient client-side adaptivity for SVG.
Extracting news-related queries from web query log.
Staging transformations for multimodal web interaction management.
Simulation, verification and automated composition of web services.
Geospatial mapping and navigation of the web.
Cm-pmi: improved web-based association measure with contextual label matching.
SCTP: an innovative transport layer protocol for the web.
Support concepts for Web navigation: a cognitive engineering approach.
Semantic email.
EDUTELLA: a P2P networking infrastructure based on RDF.
Super-peer-based routing and clustering strategies for RDF-based peer-to-peer networks.
A uniform approach to accelerated PageRank computation.
Access control enforcement for conversation-based web services.
A probabilistic approach to spatiotemporal theme pattern mining on weblogs.
Capturing the essentials of federated systems.
Model-based version and configuration management for a web engineering lifecycle.
On the lack of typical behavior in the global Web traffic network.
Fine-grained, structured configuration management for web projects.
Building a distributed full-text index for the Web.
Object-level ranking: bringing order to Web objects.
Cooperative leases: scalable consistency maintenance in content distribution networks.
A comparison of case-based reasoning approaches.
Using symbolic objects to cluster web documents.
A system for principled matchmaking in an electronic marketplace.
Duplicate detection in click streams.
Anti-aliasing on the web.
The XML web: a first study.
Foundations for service ontologies: aligning OWL-S to dolce.
Dissemination of heterogeneous xml data.
What's new on the web?: the evolution of the web from a search engine perspective.
Evaluating a new approach to strong web cache consistency with snapshots of collected content.
Improvements in practical aspects of optimally scheduling web advertising.
Computing minimum cost diagnoses to repair populated DL-based ontologies.
Building a companion website in the semantic web.
Dtwiki: a disconnection and intermittency tolerant wiki.
Supporting management reporting: a writable web case study.
Automatically refining the wikipedia infobox ontology.
Smartback: supporting users in back navigation.
Proximity within paragraph: a measure to enhance eocument retrieval performance.
Detecting spam web pages through content analysis.
Static approximation of dynamically generated Web pages.
Rapid prototyping of web applications combining domain specific languages and model driven design.
AutoTag: a collaborative approach to automated tag assignment for weblog posts.
Towards DSL-based web engineering.
Deriving wishlists from blogs show us your blog, and we'll tell you what books to buy.
Predictive modeling of first-click behavior in web-search.
Wake-on-WLAN.
HTML2RSS: automatic generation of RSS feed based on structure analysis of HTML document.
Proposal of integrated search engine of web and TV contents.
Comparing link marker visualization techniques: changes in reading behavior.
Clarifying the fundamentals of HTTP.
HTML2RSS: automatic generation of RSS feed based on structure analysis of HTML document.
Template guided association rule mining from XML documents.
Featuring web communities based on word co-occurrence structure of communications: 736.
The HP time vault service: exploiting IBE for timed release of confidential information.
Semantic WS-agreement partner selection.
Mobile web publishing and surfing based on environmental sensing data.
Incremental maintenance for materialized XPath/XSLT views.
Evaluating structural summaries as access methods for XML.
XQuery at your web service.
How semantics make better wikis.
Scholarly publishing and argument in hyperspace.
Improving Web search efficiency via a locality based static pruning method.
Towards second and third generation web-based multimedia.
Browsing fatigue in handhelds: semantic bookmarking spells relief.
Towards a multimedia formatting vocabulary.
Fine grained content-based adaptation mechanism for providing high end-user quality of experience with adaptive hypermedia systems.
Effective Web data extraction with standard XML technologies.
Expert agreement and content based reranking in a meta search environment using Mearf.
High-performance spatial indexing for location-based services.
The case for multi-user design for computer aided learning in developing regions.
A comparative web browser (CWB) for browsing and comparing web pages.
Oyster: sharing and re-using ontologies in a peer-to-peer community.
Breadth-first crawling yields high-quality pages.
OWL FA: a metamodeling extension of OWL D.
Geographic locations of web servers.
User-centric Web crawling.
Monitoring the dynamic web to respond to continuous queries.
Upgrading relational legacy data to the semantic web.
Query clustering using click-through graph.
Session level techniques for improving web browsing performance on wireless links.
Designing an architecture for delivering mobile information services to the rural developing world.
Enforcing strict model-view separation in template engines.
Integrating ecoinformatics resources on the semantic web.
Understanding user goals in web search.
Designing personalized web applications.
Debugging OWL ontologies.
An evaluation of TCP splice benefits in web proxy servers.
Strong authentication in web proxies.
WEESA: Web engineering for semantic Web applications.
Position paper: a comparison of two modelling paradigms in the Semantic Web.
The Yin/Yang web: XML syntax and RDF semantics.
Meteor-s web service annotation framework.
Automatic web news extraction using tree edit distance.
Determining user interests about museum collections.
Archiving web site resources: a records management view.
Mining models of human activities from the web.
Providing SCORM with adaptivity.
Making RDF presentable: integrated global and local semantic Web browsing.
The web structure of e-government - developing a methodology for quantitative evaluation.
XML Query Forms (XQForms): Declarative Specification of XML Query Interfaces
G-ToPSS: fast filtering of graph-based metadata.
Learning domain ontologies for Web service descriptions: an experiment in bioinformatics.
WebKhoj: Indian language IR from multiple character encodings.
WAP5: black-box performance debugging for wide-area systems.
Accessibility: a Web engineering approach.
A web-based kernel function for measuring the similarity of short text snippets.
Knowledge modeling and its application in life sciences: a tale of two ontologies.
Sub-document queries over XML with XSQirrel.
A content and structure website mining model.
Identity management on converged networks: a reality check.
WebPod: persistent Web browsing sessions with pocketable storage devices.
WS-replication: a framework for highly available web services.
A metro map metaphor for guided tours on the Web: the Webvise guided tour system.
To randomize or not to randomize: space optimal summaries for hyperlink analysis.
Item-based collaborative filtering recommendation algorithms.
Automatic geotagging of Russian web sites.
Visitor awareness in the web.
Automatic identification of user interest for personalized search.
Multimedia meets computer graphics in SMIL2.0: a time model for the web.
Constructing virtual documents for ontology matching.
Architecture of a quality based intelligent proxy (QBIX) for MPEG-4 videos.
Do not crawl in the DUST: different URLs with similar text.
CS AKTive space: representing computer science in the semantic web.
How to make a semantic web browser.
Value-based web caching.
Web accessibility: a broader view.
Hunter gatherer: interaction support for the creation and management of within-web-page collections.
Beyond PageRank: machine learning for static ranking.
Probabilistic question answering on the web.
Abstracting application-level web security.
Web annotation sharing using P2P.
Is question answering an acquired skill?
Visualizing an historical semantic web with Heml.
Hearsay: enabling audio browsing on hypertext content.
A hybrid approach for searching in the semantic web.
Automatic detection of fragments in dynamically generated web pages.
Web ontology segmentation: analysis, classification and use.
Accurate, scalable in-network identification of p2p traffic using application signatures.
The next wave of the web.
Adapting databases and WebDAV protocol.
A multilingual usage consultation tool based on internet searching: more than a search engine, less than QA.
An intelligent distributed environment for active learning.
A comparison of implicit and explicit links for web page classification.
Mining related queries from search engine query logs.
Using semantic rules to determine access control for web services.
Using urls and table layout for web classification tasks.
Remindin': semantic query routing in peer-to-peer networks based on social metaphors.
Toward tighter integration of web search with a geographic information system.
A new paradigm for ranking pages on the world wide web.
Why is connectivity in developing regions expensive: policy challenges more than technical limitations?
Semantic web integration of cultural heritage sources.
A case study in web search using TREC algorithms.
The classroom sentinel: supporting data-driven decision-making in the classroom.
What's really new on the web?: identifying new pages from a series of unstable web snapshots.
Semantic web support for the business-to-business e-commerce lifecycle.
GlobeDB: autonomic data replication for web applications.
Trust-serv: model-driven lifecycle management of trust negotiation policies for web services.
An abuse-free fair contract signing protocol based on the RSA signature.
Adaptive ranking of web pages.
Augmenting semantic web service descriptions with compositional specification.
ASDL: a wide spectrum language for designing web services.
Learning block importance models for web pages.
Invisible participants: how cultural capital relates to lurking behavior.
Cataclysm: policing extreme overloads in internet applications.
Optimization of html automatically generated by wysiwyg programs.
Mining web logs to improve website organization.
TrustGuard: countering vulnerabilities in reputation management for decentralized overlay networks.
A web middleware architecture for dynamic customization of content for wireless clients.
Model checking cobweb protocols for verification of HTML frames behavior.
Communication design for electronic negotiations on the basis of XML schema.
An adaptive, fast, and safe XML parser based on byte sequences memorization.
Index structures and algorithms for querying distributed RDF repositories.
Behavior-based web page evaluation.
ViBE: virtual biology experiments.
On admission control for profit maximization of networked service providers.
GoGetIt!: a tool for generating structure-driven web crawlers.
Adaptive web search based on user profile constructed without any effort from users.
Object-Z web environment and projections to UML.
An incremental XSLT transformation processor for XML document manipulation.
Model-directed web transactions under constrained modalities.
CWS: a comparative web search system.
Mining clickthrough data for collaborative web search.
CubeSVD: a novel approach to personalized Web search.
Semantic Wikipedia.
Algorithms and programming models for efficient representation of XML for Internet applications.
The impact of online music services on the demand for stars in the music industry.
Profiles for the situated web.
Using proportional transportation similarity with learned element semantics for XML document clustering.
A machine learning based approach for table detection on the web.
Data extraction and label assignment for web databases.
Topic-oriented query expansion for web search.
Image annotation using search and mining technologies.
Adaptive web sites: user studies and simulation.
Context-orientated news riltering for web 2.0 and beyond.
A foundation for tool based mobility support for visually impaired web users.
Finding advertising keywords on web pages.
Off the beaten tracks: exploring three aspects of web navigation.
Web page classification with heterogeneous data fusion.
Mobile streaming media CDN enabled by dynamic SMIL.
Clustering user queries of a search engine.
Finding specification pages according to attributes.
Improving pseudo-relevance feedback in web information retrieval using web page segmentation.
Evaluation of edge caching/offloading for dynamic content delivery.
Structuring namespace descriptions.
Quality driven web services composition.
Tables and trees don't mix (very well).
Similarity measure and instance selection for collaborative filtering.
Merging trees: file system and content integration.
Web data extraction based on partial tree alignment.
N for the price of 1: bundling web objects for more efficient content delivery.
Adaptive faceted browser for navigation in open information spaces.
Web taxonomy integration using support vector machines.
Optimal crawling strategies for web search engines.
Mining search engine query logs for query recommendation.
On a service-oriented approach for an engineering knowledge desktop.
An enhanced model for searching in semantic portals.
Time-dependent semantic similarity measure of queries using historical click-through data.
Fully automatic wrapper generation for search engines.
Topical TrustRank: using topicality to combat web spam.
Towards a highly-scalable and effective metasearch engine.
Community discovery and analysis in blogspace.
Segment-based proxy caching of multimedia streams.
Flexible on-device service object replication with replets.
Exploring social annotations for the semantic web.
Probabilistic models for discovering e-communities.
A smart hill-climbing algorithm for application server configuration.
Link fusion: a unified link analysis framework for multi-type interrelated data objects.
Selective early request termination for busy internet services.
Engineering server-driven consistency for large scale dynamic Web services.
Using link analysis to improve layout on mobile devices.
The credibility of the posted information in a recommendation system based on a map.
Finding visual concepts by web image mining.
Improving recommendation lists through topic diversification.
Peer-to-peer architecture for content-based music retrieval on acoustic data.
Broken links on the web: local laws and the global free flow of information.
Symmetrically exploiting XML.
Retroactive answering of search queries.
Semantic personalization of web portal contents.
MyXDNS: a resquest routing dns server with decoupled server selection.
Search engine retrieval of changing information.
OCTOPUS: aggressive search of multi-modality data using multifaceted knowledge base.
Compare&contrast: using the web to discover comparable cases for news stories.
Web browsing performance of wireless thin-client computing.
Geotracker: geospatial and temporal RSS navigation.
Discovering event evolution graphs from newswires.
A kernel based structure matching for web services search.
Fractal summarization for mobile devices to access large documents on the web.
Explorations in the use of semantic web technologies for product information management.
Globetp: template-based database replication for scalable web applications.
Random web crawls.
Why we search: visualizing and predicting user behavior.
A framework for rapid integration of presentation components.
Efficient search engine measurements.
An information state-based dialogue manager for making voice web smarter.
XML-based multimodal interaction framework for contact center applications.
Predicting clicks: estimating the click-through rate for new ads.
A clustering method for web data with multi-type interrelated components.
A large-scale study of web password habits.
Efficient search in large textual collections with redundancy.
Web4CE: accessing web-based applications on consumer devices.
XML design for relational storage.
Image collector III: a web image-gathering system with bag-of-keypoints.
An adaptive crawler for locating hiddenwebentry points.
A mobile application framework for the geospatial web.
Optimized query planning of continuous aggregation queries in dynamic data dissemination networks.
A content-driven reputation system for the wikipedia.
An assessment of tag presentation techniques.
A novel collaborative filtering-based framework for personalized services in m-commerce.
Optimizing web search using social annotations.
The discoverability of the web.
Internet-scale collection of human-reviewed data.
Learning information diffusion process on the web.
Designing efficient sampling techniques to detect webpage updates.
Utility analysis for topically biased PageRank.
Simple authentication for the web.
Exploring social dynamics in online media sharing.
Efficient training on biased minimax probability machine for imbalanced text classification.
Brand awareness and the evaluation of search results.
Navigationaided retrieval.
Modeling user behavior in recommender systems based on maximum entropy.
Introduction and evaluation of Martlet: a scientific workflow language for abstracted parallelisation.
Understanding web search via a learning paradigm.
A cautious surfer for PageRank.
Towards efficient dominant relationship exploration of the product items on the web.
Effort estimation: how valuable is it for a web company to use a cross-company data set, compared to using its own single-company data set?
Construction by linking: the linkbase method.
Multi-factor clustering for a marketplace search interface.
A link classification based approach to website topic hierarchy generation.
Summarizing email conversations with clue words.
Life is sharable: mechanisms to support and sustain blogging life experience.
Comparing apples and oranges: normalized pagerank for evolving graphs.
Monitoring the evolution of cached content in Google and MSN.
The complex dynamics of collaborative tagging.
Answering relationship queries on the web.
Measuring semantic similarity between words using web search engines.
On building graphs of documents with artificial ants.
Finding community structure in mega-scale social networks: [extended abstract].
Determining the user intent of web search engine queries.
Privacy-enhancing personalized web search.
Subspace: secure cross-domain communication for web mashups.
Parallel crawling for online social networks.
Collaborative ICT for Indian business clusters.
Wherefore art thou r3579x?: anonymized social networks, hidden patterns, and structural steganography.
Visualizing structural patterns in web collections.
AutoPerf: an automated load generator and performance measurement tool for multi-tier software systems.
Extraction and search of chemical formulae in text documents on the web.
Delay tolerant applications for low bandwidth and intermittently connected users: the aAQUA experience.
Integrating value-based requirement engineering models to webml using vip business modeling framework.
Open user profiles for adaptive news systems: help or harm?
Towards a scalable search and query engine for the web.
Robust methodologies for modeling web click distributions.
BlogScope: spatio-temporal analysis of the blogosphere.
Csurf: a context-driven non-visual web-browser.
Google news personalization: scalable online collaborative filtering.
Altering document term vectors for classification: ontologies as expectations of co-occurrence.
Causal relation of queries from temporal logs.
Exploring in the weblog space by detecting informative and affective articles.
ActiveRDF: object-oriented semantic web programming.
Defeating script injection attacks with browser-enforced embedded policies.
Generating efficient labels to facilitate web accessibility.
Discovering the best web service.
Automatic search engine performance evaluation with click-through data analysis.
On anonymizing query logs via token-based hashing.
Towards service pool based approach for services discovery and subscription.
Search engines and their public interfaces: which apis are the most synchronized?
Bayesian network based sentence retrieval model.
Dynamics of bid optimization in online advertisement auctions.
Estimating the cardinality of RDF graph patterns.
Learning to detect phishing emails.
Personalized social & real-time collaborative search.
Generative models for name disambiguation.
Exploit sequencing views in semantic cache to accelerate xpath query evaluation.
On automated composition for web services.
Speeding up adaptation of web service compositions using expiration times.
Web mashup scripting language.
Automatic searching of tables in digital libraries.
Is high-quality vod feasible using P2P swarming?
Just the right amount: extracting modules from ontologies.
Dynamic personalized pagerank in entity-relation graphs.
Communication as information-seeking: the case for mobile social software for developing regions.
Compiling cryptographic protocols for deployment on the web.
A unified platform for data driven web applications with automatic client-server partitioning.
Combining classifiers to identify online databases.
Web projections: learning from contextual subgraphs of the web.
Turning portlets into services: the consumer profile.
Using Google distance to weight approximate ontology matches.
Building and managing personalized semantic portals.
A link-based ranking scheme for focused search.
The ScratchPad: sensemaking support for the web.
Semi-automated adaptation of service interactions.
Ontology engineering using volunteer labor.
A new suffix tree similarity measure for document clustering.
A novel clustering-based RSS aggregator.
Learning information intent via observation.
Exploration of query context for information retrieval.
Netprobe: a fast and scalable system for fraud detection in online auction networks.
MedSearch: a specialized search engine for medical information.
Information flow modeling based on diffusion rate for prediction and ranking.
Sliding window technique for the web log analysis.
P-TAG: large scale automatic generation of personalized annotation tags for the web.
From SPARQL to rules (and back).
Mapping-driven XML transformation.
Preference-based selection of highly configurable web services.
Integrating web directories by learning their structures.
Identifying ambiguous queries in web search.
Optimal audio-visual representations for illiterate users of computers.
A large-scale evaluation and analysis of personalized search strategies.
Generation, documentation and presentation of mathematical equations and symbolic scientific expressions using pure HTML and CSS.
Behavior based web page evaluation.
Detecting near-duplicates for web crawling.
Toward expressive syndication on the web.
Navigating the intranet with high precision.
GeoTV: navigating geocoded rss to create an iptv experience.
Scaling up all pairs similarity search.
The use of XML to express a historical knowledge base.
Page-level template detection via isotonic smoothing.
Multiway SLCA-based keyword search in XML data.
Towards the theoretical foundation of choreography.
Bridging the gap between OWL and relational databases.
EOS: expertise oriented search using social networks.
Answering bounded continuous search queries in the world wide web.
Web object retrieval.
Long distance wireless mesh network planning: problem formulation and solution.
Towards multi-granularity multi-facet e-book retrieval.
Supervised rank aggregation.
Yago: a core of semantic knowledge.
EPCI: extracting potentially copyright infringement texts from the web.
U-REST: an unsupervised record extraction system.
Robust web page segmentation for mobile terminal using content-distances and page layout information.
Towards domain-independent information extraction from web tables.
Investigating behavioral variability in web search.
A search-based Chinese word segmentation method.
GigaHash: scalable minimal perfect hashing for billions of urls.
Do not crawl in the dust: different urls with similar text.
Homepage live: automatic block tracing for web personalization.
A password stretching method using user specific salts.
A probabilistic semantic approach for discovering web services.
Learning ontologies to improve the quality of automatic web service matching.
Providing session management as core business service.
Connecting the "bottom of the pyramid": an exploratory case study of india's rural communication environment.
The largest scholarly semantic network...ever.
Tag clouds for summarizing web search results.
Development of a semantic web based mobile local search system.
How NAGA uncoils: searching with entities and relations.
A fault model and mutation testing of access control policies.
Mining contiguous sequential patterns from web logs.
System for reminding a user of information obtainedthrough a web browsing experience.
Analyzing web access control policies.
Topic sentiment mixture: modeling facets and opinions in weblogs.
Review spam detection.
A browser for a public-domain SpeechWeb.
A management and performance framework for semantic web servers.
Adaptive record extraction from web pages.
Summary attributes and perceived search quality.
How people use the web on mobile devices.
Deriving knowledge from figures for digital libraries.
Sessionlock: securing web sessions against eavesdropping.
Generating hypotheses from the web.
Expertise networks in online communities: structure and algorithms.
A combinatorial allocation mechanism with penalties for banner advertising.
Learning to classify short and sparse text & web with hidden topics from large-scale data collections.
Ranking refinement and its application to information retrieval.
IRLbot: scaling to 6 billion pages and beyond.
User behavior oriented web spam detection.
Rich media and web 2.0.
Guanxi in the chinese web - a study of mutual linking.
Integrating the IAC neural network in ontology mapping.
Defection detection: predicting search engine switching.
2lip: the step towards the web3d.
Scaling RDF with time.
Investigation of partial query proximity in web search.
Report on semantic web for health care and life sciences workshop.
A domain-specific language for the model-driven construction of advanced web-based dialogs.
Organizing and sharing distributed personal web-service data.
Recrawl scheduling based on information longevity.
Psst: a web-based system for tracking political statements.
Application of bitmap index to information retrieval.
A semantic layer for publishing and localizing xml data for a p2p xquery mediator.
Action science approach to nonprofit housing services using web 2.0 mapping tools.
Falcons: searching and browsing entities on the semantic web.
Using CEP technology to adapt messages exchanged by web services.
Spatial variation in search engine queries.
Layman tuning of websites: facing change resilience.
International workshop on question answering on the web (QAWeb2008).
Improving web spam detection with re-extracted features.
Protecting the web: phishing, malware, and other security threats.
Restful web services vs. "big"' web services: making the right architectural decision.
Externalities in online advertising.
First workshop on targeting and ranking for online advertising.
Web page sectioning using regex-based template.
The scale-free nature of semantic web ontology.
Supporting anonymous location queries in mobile environments with privacygrid.
Towards a programming language for services computing.
Simrank++: query rewriting through link analysis of the clickgraph (poster).
Groupme!
Sewnet -: a framework for creating services utilizing telecom functionality.
The future of online social interactions: what to expect in 2020.
Social and semantics analysis via non-negative matrix factorization.
Summarization of online image collections via implicit feedback.
Analysis of topological characteristics of huge online social networking services.
Crawling multiple UDDI business registries.
The two cultures: mashing up web 2.0 and the semantic web.
SPARQ2L: towards support for subgraph extraction queries in rdf databases.
Exposing private information by timing web applications.
Mirror site maintenance based on evolution associations of web directories.
Using d-gap patterns for index compression.
On ranking techniques for desktop search.
Spam and popularity ratings for combating link spam.
Extraction and classification of dense communities in the web.
Identifying and discriminating between web and peer-to-peer traffic in the network core.
Extending WebML towards semantic web.
PRIVE: anonymous location-based queries in distributed mobile systems.
Query topic detection for reformulation.
Demographic prediction based on user's browsing behavior.
Exhibit: lightweight structured data publishing.
Electoral search using the VerkiezingsKijker: an experience report.
Anchor-based proximity measures.
Reliable QoS monitoring based on client feedback.
Visibly pushdown automata for streaming XML.
DIANE: an integrated approach to automated service discovery, matchmaking and composition.
Towards effective browsing of large scale social annotations.
Classifying web sites.
Supporting end-users in the creation of dependable web clips.
Feature weighting in content based recommendation system using social network analysis.
Towards environment generated media: object-participation-type weblog in home sensor network.
A high-performance interpretive approach to schema-directed parsing.
Detectives: detecting coalition hit inflation attacks in advertising networks streams.
Extensible schema documentation with XSLT 2.0.
Preserving XML queries during schema evolution.
Organizing and searching the world wide web of facts -- step two: harnessing the wisdom of the crowds.
A no-frills architecture for lightweight answer retrieval.
Towards extracting flickr tag semantics.
Towards automating regression test selection for web services.
Acquiring ontological knowledge from query logs.
Query-driven indexing for peer-to-peer text retrieval.
SRing: a structured non dht p2p overlay supporting string range queries.
A large-scale study of robots.txt.
Speeding up web service composition with volatile information.
Consistency-preserving caching of dynamic database content.
Academic web search engine: generating a survey automatically.
Spam double-funnel: connecting web spammers with advertisers.
Measuring credibility of users in an e-learning environment.
SPath: a path language for XML schema.
XML-based XML schema access.
Querying and maintaining a compact XML storage.
A logical framework for modeling and reasoning about semantic web services contract.
Ontology summarization based on rdf sentence graph.
Cantina: a content-based approach to detecting phishing web sites.
Image annotation by hierarchical mapping of features.
Rogue access point detection using segmental TCP jitter.
Finding the right facts in the crowd: factoid question answering over social media.
Extracting spam blogs with co-citation clusters.
A scalable application placement controller for enterprise data centers.
Personalized web exploration with task models.
An initial investigation on evaluating semantic web instance data.
Online learning from click data for sponsored search.
As we may perceive: finding the boundaries of compound documents on the web.
Which "Apple" are you talking about ?
Fourth international workshop on adversarial information retrieval on the web (AIRWeb 2008).
Gsp-exr: gsp protocol with an exclusive right for keyword auctions.
A larger scale study of robots.txt.
Generating diverse and representative image search results for landmarks.
Enabling secure digital marketplace.
Histrace: building a search engine of historical events.
Information retrieval and knowledge discovery on the semantic web of traditional chinese medicine.
A teapot graph and its hierarchical structure of the chinese web.
Size matters: word count as a measure of quality on wikipedia.
Pagerank for product image search.
Information "uptrieval": exploring models for content assimilation and aggregation for developing regions.
Exploiting semantic web technologies to model web form interactions.
Collaborative filtering on skewed datasets.
WS3: international workshop on context-enabled source and service selection, integration and adaptation (CSSSIA 2008).
Genealogical trees on the web: a search engine user perspective.
Temporal views over rdf data.
Learning multiple graphs for document recommendations.
Location and the web (LocWeb 2008).
Structured objects in owl: representation and reasoning.
Improving personalized services in mobile commerce by a novel multicriteria rating approach.
Planetary-scale views on a large instant-messaging network.
Plurality: a context-aware personalized tagging system.
Mining for personal name aliases on the web.
Learning deterministic regular expressions for the inference of schemas from XML data.
Personalized search and exploration with mytag.
SMash: secure component model for cross-domain mashups on unmodified browsers.
Emergence of terminological conventions as an author-searcher coordination game.
Analyzing search engine advertising: firm behavior and cross-selling in electronic markets.
Query-sets: using implicit feedback and query patterns to organize web documents.
Collaborative knowledge semantic graph image search.
Ajax for mobility: mobileweaver ajax framework.
Microscale evolution of web pages.
Context-sensitive QoS model: a rule-based approach to web service composition.
Keysurf: a character controlled browser for people with physical disabilities.
Efficient vectorial operators for processing xml twig queries.
Incremental web page template detection.
Mining, indexing, and searching for textual chemical molecule information on the web.
Investigating web services on the world wide web.
Statistical analysis of the social network and discussion threads in slashdot.
Better abstractions for secure server-side scripting.
Measuring extremal dependencies in web graphs.
Yes, there is a correlation: - from social networks to personal behavior on the web.
Finding core members in virtual communities.
Web page rank prediction with markov models.
Floatcascade learning for fast imbalanced web mining.
A comparative analysis of web and peer-to-peer traffic.
SPARQL basic graph pattern optimization using selectivity estimation.
Contextual advertising by combining relevance with click feedback.
On incremental maintenance of 2-hop labeling of graphs.
The world wide telecom web browser.
Matching independent global constraints for composite web services.
WS7 - MobEA VI: personal rich social media.
Unsupervised query segmentation using generative language models and wikipedia.
Workshop on social web and knowledge management (SWKM2008).
Identifying regional sensitive queries in web search.
Exploring social annotations for information retrieval.
Graph theoretical framework for simultaneously integrating visual and textual features for efficient web image clustering.
Modeling anchor text and classifying queries to enhance web document retrieval.
Pivotbrowser: a tag-space image searching prototype.
Larger is better: seed selection in link-based anti-spamming algorithms.
Automatic web image selection with a probabilistic latent topic model.
Secure or insure?: a game-theoretic analysis of information security games.
Asymmetrical query recommendation method based on bipartite network resource allocation.
Towards robust trust establishment in web-based social networks with socialtrust.
Extracting XML schema from multiple implicit xml documents based on inductive reasoning.
Why web 2.0 is good for learning and for research: principles and prototypes.
Protecting web services from remote exploit code: a static analysis approach.
Performance of compressed inverted list caching in search engines.
Modeling online reviews with multi-grain topic models.
Influencers and their barriers to technology.
Folksoviz: a subsumption-based folksonomy visualization using wikipedia texts.
Wishful search: interactive composition of data mashups.
Personalized multimedia web summarizer for tourist.
A framework for fast community extraction of large-scale networks.
Budget constrained bidding in keyword auctions and online knapsack problems.
User oriented link function classification.
How to influence my customers?: the impact of electronic market design.
Validating the use and role of visual elements of web pages in navigation with an eye-tracking study.
Improving relevance judgment of web search results with image excerpts.
KC3 browser: semantic mash-up and link-free browsing.
Learning to rank relational objects and its application to web search.
Utility-driven load shedding for xml stream processing.
Fast algorithms for topk personalized pagerank queries.
Sailer: an effective search engine for unified retrieval of heterogeneous xml and web documents.
Mining tag clouds and emoticons behind community feedback.
Determining user's interest in real time.
Trust-based recommendation systems: an axiomatic approach.
Web graph similarity for anomaly detection (poster).
VoiKiosk: increasing reachability of kiosks in developing regions.
Automatic online news issue construction in web environment.
Wiki content templating.
Using the wisdom of the crowds for keyword generation.
Model bloggers' interests based on forgetting mechanism.
Optimal marketing strategies over social networks.
Extending the compatibility notion for abstract WS-BPEL processes.
Organizing the unorganized - employing IT to empower the under-privileged.
Algorithm for stochastic multiple-choice knapsack problem and application to keywords bidding.
Web video topic discovery and tracking via bipartite graph reinforcement model.
Representing a web page as sets of named entities of multiple types: a model and some preliminary applications.
Forcehttps: protecting high-security web sites from network attacks.
Statistical properties of community structure in large social and information networks.
Can chinese web pages be classified with english data source?
R-U-in?: doing what you like, with people whom you like.
Composing and optimizing data providing web services.
Tag-based social interest discovery.
WWW 2008 workshop on social web search and mining: SWSM2008.
Privacy-enhanced sharing of personal content on the web.
Visualizing historical content of web pages.
WWW 2008 workshop: NLPIX2008 summary.
Topigraphy: visualization for large-scale tag clouds.
Using subspace analysis for event detection from web click-through data.
Using graphics processors for high-performance IR query processing.
Webanywhere: enabling a screen reading interface for the web on any computer.
The seamless browser: enhancing the speed of web browsing by zooming and preview thumbnails.
Networked graphs: a declarative mechanism for SPARQL rules, SPARQL views and RDF data integration on the web.
A generic framework for collaborative multi-perspective ontology acquisition.
Static query result caching revisited.
Towards the policy-aware web: the real web 3.0?
Flickr tag recommendation based on collective knowledge.
Querying for meta knowledge.
Value-driven design for "infosuasive" web applications.
Personalized interactive faceted search.
Behavioral classification on the click graph.
Scalable querying services over fuzzy ontologies.
Learning transportation mode from raw gps data for geographic applications on the web.
Mashups for semantic user profiles.
System II: a hypergraph based native rdf repository.
An efficient two-phase service discovery mechanism.
Enhanced hierarchical classification via isotonic smoothing.
Lock-free consistency control for web 2.0 applications.
Web user de-identification in personalization.
Personalized view-based search and visualization as a means for deep/semantic web data access.
Hidden sentiment association in chinese web opinion mining.
Finding similar pages in a social tagging repository.
A systematic approach for cell-phone worm containment.
Personalized tag suggestion for flickr.
Context-based page unit recommendation for web-basedsensemaking tasks.
Efficient evaluation of generalized path pattern queries on XML data.
Mining the search trails of surfing crowds: identifying relevant websites from user activity.
Recommending questions using the mdl-based tree cut model.
Linked data on the web (LDOW2008).
Extraction and mining of an academic social network.
Low-load server crawler: design and evaluation.
Dynamic cost-per-action mechanisms and applications to online advertising.
Service-oriented data denormalization for scalable web applications.
Towards a global schema for web entities.
Race: finding and ranking compact connected trees for keyword proximity search over xml documents.
Video suggestion and discovery for youtube: taking random walks through the view graph.
Offline matching approximation algorithms in exchange markets.
Xml data dissemination using automata on top of structured overlay networks.
Efficiently querying rdf data in triple stores.
A unified framework for name disambiguation.
A graph-theoretic approach to webpage segmentation.
Efficient mining of frequent sequence generators.
iRobot: an intelligent crawler for web forums.
Non-intrusive monitoring and service adaptation for WS-BPEL.
Efficient similarity joins for near duplicate detection.
Knowledge sharing and yahoo answers: everyone knows something.
What do they think?: aggregating local views about news events and topics.
Topic modeling with network regularization.
Online change detection in individual web user behaviour.
Characterizing typical and atypical user sessions in clickstreams.
Facetnet: a framework for analyzing communities and their evolutions in dynamic networks.
Semantic similarity based on compact concept ontology.
Substructure similarity measurement in chinese recipes.
Web people search: results of the first evaluation and the plan for the second.
Deciphering mobile search patterns: a study of Yahoo! mobile search queries.
Efficient multi-keyword search over p2p web.
Compoweb: a component-oriented web architecture.
Anycast CDNS revisited.
Understanding internet video sharing site workload: a view from data center design.
Detecting image spam using visual features and near duplicate detection.
What's up CAPTCHA?: a CAPTCHA based on image orientation.
A densitometric analysis of web template content.
Sitemaps: above and beyond the crawl of duty.
Analyzing seller practices in a Brazilian marketplace.
Computers and iphones and mobile phones, oh my!: a logs-based comparison of search users on different devices.
A trust management framework for service-oriented environments.
Personalized recommendation on dynamic content using predictive bilinear models.
What makes conversations interesting?: themes, participants and consequences of conversations in online social media.
To join or not to join: the illusion of privacy in social networks with mixed public and private user profiles.
A search-based method for forecasting ad impression in contextual advertising.
Threshold selection for web-page classification with highly skewed class distribution.
The value of socially tagged urls for a search engine.
Searching for events in the blogosphere.
Content hole search in community-type content.
Collaborative filtering for orkut communities: discovery of user latent behavior.
Towards language-independent web genre detection.
User-centric content freshness metrics for search engines.
Modeling semantics and structure of discussion threads.
Identifying vertical search intention of query through social tagging propagation.
Detecting the origin of text segments efficiently.
Learning consensus opinion: mining data from a labeling game.
Using static analysis for Ajax intrusion detection.
News article extraction with template-independent wrapper.
Where to adapt dynamic service compositions.
Social search in "Small-World" experiments.
Characterizing web-based video sharing workloads.
General auction mechanism for search advertising.
Dataplorer: a scalable search engine for the data web.
Efficient interactive fuzzy keyword search.
Click chain model in web search.
Cascading style sheets: a novel approach towards productive styling with today's standards.
Web 2.0: blind to an accessible new world.
The slashdot zoo: mining a social network with negative edges.
Mapping the world's photos.
Incorporating site-level knowledge to extract structured data from web forums.
Latent space domain transfer between high dimensional overlapping distributions.
Less talk, more rock: automated organization of community-contributed collections of concert videos.
Graph based crawler seed selection.
Building term suggestion relational graphs from collective intelligence.
Large scale integration of senses for the semantic web.
Inferring private information using social network data.
Inverted index compression and query processing with optimized document ordering.
Network analysis of collaboration structure in Wikipedia.
Detecting image spam using local invariant features and pyramid match kernel.
Analysis of community structure in Wikipedia.
Answering approximate queries over autonomous web databases.
Compressed web indexes.
Estimating the impressionrank of web pages.
Privacy diffusion on the web: a longitudinal perspective.
Rated aspect summarization of short comments.
sMash: semantic-based mashup navigation for data API network.
MASTH proxy: an extensible platform for web overload control.
Discovering the staring people from social networks.
Collective privacy management in social networks.
Enhancing diversity, coverage and balance for summarization through structure learning.
Ranking community answers via analogical reasoning.
Automated synthesis of composite services with correctness guarantee.
SOFIE: a self-organizing framework for information extraction.
Towards intent-driven bidterm suggestion.
Co-browsing dynamic web pages.
A generalised cross-modal clustering method applied to multimedia news semantic indexing and retrieval.
Tag-oriented document summarization.
Web content accessibility guidelines: from 1.0 to 2.0.
Matchbox: large scale online bayesian recommendations.
Ranking and classifying attractiveness of photos in folksonomies.
Efficient overlap and content reuse detection in blogs and online news articles.
Network-aware forward caching.
Exploiting web search to generate synonyms for entities.
Mashroom: end-user mashup programming using nested tables.
Deriving music theme annotations from user tags.
Measuring the similarity between implicit semantic relations from the web.
Visual diversification of image search results.
Online expansion of rare queries for sponsored search.
Web image retrieval reranking with multi-view clustering.
XQuery in the browser.
Automated construction of web accessibility models from transaction click-streams.
Large scale multi-label classification via metalabeler.
Triplify: light-weight linked data publication from relational databases.
Scrolling behaviour with single- and multi-column layout.
Privacy preserving frequency capping in internet banner advertising.
Tag ranking.
Towards lightweight and efficient DDOS attacks detection for web server.
Learning to recognize reliable users and content in social media with coupled mutual reinforcement.
The web of nations.
Nearest-neighbor caching for content-match applications.
A geographical analysis of knowledge production in computer science.
HTML templates that fly: a template engine approach to automated offloading from server to client.
Buzz-based recommender system.
Highly scalable web applications with zero-copy data transfer.
Evaluating similarity measures for emergent semantics of social tagging.
Visualization of Geo-annotated pictures in mobile phones.
Semantic wiki aided business process specification.
Instance-based probabilistic reasoning in the semantic web.
A flexible dialogue system for enhancing web usability.
Characterizing insecure javascript practices on the web.
Community gravity: measuring bidirectional effects by trust and rating on online social networks.
Fast dynamic reranking in large graphs.
Bucefalo: a tool for intelligent search and filtering for web-based personal health records.
Exploiting web search engines to search structured databases.
Predicting click through rate for job listings.
Search result re-ranking based on gap between search queries and social tags.
Quicklink selection for navigational query results.
Web-scale classification with naive bayes.
Hybrid keyword search auctions.
Thumbs-up: a game for playing to rank search results.
A dynamic bayesian network click model for web search ranking.
A messaging API for inter-widgets communication.
A hybrid phish detection approach by identity discovery and keywords retrieval.
Extracting community structure through relational hypergraphs.
A measurement-driven analysis of information propagation in the flickr social network.
REST-based management of loosely coupled services.
An experimental study of large-scale mobile social network.
Improved techniques for result caching in web search engines.
Discovering users' specific geo intention in web search.
Deducing trip related information from flickr.
A declarative framework for semantic link discovery over relational data.
Towards context-aware search by learning a very large variable length hidden markov model from search logs.
Adaptive bidding for display advertising.
SGPS: a semantic scheme for web service similarity.
Relationalizing RDF stores for tools reusability.
PAKE-based mutual HTTP authentication for preventing phishing attacks.
Two birds with one stone: a graph-based framework for disambiguating and tagging people names in web search.
Detecting soft errors by redirection classification.
How opinions are received by online communities: a case study on amazon.com helpfulness votes.
Behavioral profiles for advanced email features.
Learning to tag.
Unsupervised query categorization using automatically-built concept graphs.
Test case prioritization for regression testing of service-oriented business applications.
How much can behavioral targeting help online advertising?
Competitive analysis from click-through log.
The recurrence dynamics of social tagging.
Combining anchor text categorization and graph analysis for paid link detection.
Extracting key terms from noisy and multitheme documents.
Anycast-aware transport for content delivery networks.
idMesh: graph-based disambiguation of linked data.
Web service derivatives.
Retaining personal expression for social search.
Rare item detection in e-commerce site.
Spatio-temporal models for estimating click-through rate.
Rapid development of spreadsheet-based web mashups.
Is there anything worth finding on the semantic web?
An axiomatic approach for result diversification.
RuralCafe: web search in the rural developing world.
An effective semantic search technique using ontology.
All your contacts are belong to us: automated identity theft attacks on social networks.
Automatic web service composition with abstraction and refinement.
Advertising keyword generation using active learning.
Why are moved web pages difficult to find?: the WISH approach.
A flight meta-search engine with metamorph.
A P2P based distributed services network for next generation mobile internet communications.
Combining global optimization with local selection for efficient QoS-aware service composition.
Link based small sample learning for web spam detection.
Graffiti: node labeling in heterogeneous networks.
Constructing folksonomies from user-specified relations on flickr.
Efficient application placement in a dynamic hosting platform.
Near real time information mining in multilingual news.
A general framework for adaptive and online detection of web attacks.
Search shortcuts: driving users towards their goals.
Gamesense.
Tagommenders: connecting users to items through tags.
Probabilistic question recommendation for question answering communities.
Crosslanguage blog mining and trend visualisation.
Playful tagging: folksonomy generation using online games.
Interactive search in XML data.
Raise semantics at the user level for dynamic and interactive SOA-based portals.
Discovering user profiles.
Understanding user's query intent with wikipedia.
Using graphics processors for high performance IR query processing.
Reliability analysis using weighted combinational models for web-based software.
Mining interesting locations and travel sequences from GPS trajectories.
A class-feature-centroid classifier for text categorization.
Crawling English-Japanese person-name transliterations from the web.
Rethinking email message and people search.
A probabilistic model based approach for blended search.
Mining cultural differences from a large number of geotagged photos.
WPBench: a benchmark for evaluating the client-side performance of web 2.0 applications.
OpenRuleBench: an analysis of the performance of rule engines.
Why is the web loosely coupled?: a multi-faceted metric for service design.
Releasing search queries and clicks privately.
Bid optimization for broad match ad auctions.
Securely implementing open geospatial consortium web service interface standards in oracle spatial.
Extracting article text from the web with maximum subsequence segmentation.
Purely URL-based topic classification.
C-SPARQL: SPARQL for continuous querying.
Estimating web site readability using content extraction.
Social search and discovery using a unified approach.
Mining multilingual topics from wikipedia.
Smart Miner: a new framework for mining large scale web usage data.
Ranking user-created contents by search user's inclination in online communities.
Rapid prototyping of semantic mash-ups through semantic web pipes.
Bootstrapped extraction of class attributes.
Signaling emotion in tagclouds.
A game based approach to assign geographical relevance to web images.
Performing grouping and aggregate functions in XML queries.
StatSnowball: a statistical approach to extracting entity relationships.
Extracting data records from the web using tag path clustering.
Automatically filling form-based web interfaces with free text inputs.
Identifying the influential bloggers in a community.
Finding high-quality content in social media.
Preferential behavior in online groups.
Beyond basic faceted search.
A scalable pattern mining approach to web graph compression with communities.
Advertising keyword suggestion based on concept hierarchy.
On placing skips optimally in expectation.
An experimental comparison of click position-bias models.
A holistic lexicon-based approach to opinion mining.
Fast learning of document ranking functions with the committee perceptron.
Machine reading at web scale.
Web information management: past, present and future.
An empirical analysis of sponsored search performance in search engine advertising.
Disorder inequality: a combinatorial approach to nearest neighbor search.
Can social bookmarking improve web search?
Collaboration over time: characterizing and modeling network evolution.
Opinion spam and analysis.
Connectivity structure of bipartite graphs via the KNC-plot.
Entropy of search logs: how hard is search? with personalization? with backoff?
Ranking web sites with real user traffic.
Crawl ordering by search impact.
Personal name classification in web queries.
SoftRank: optimizing non-smooth rank metrics.
On ranking controversies in wikipedia: models and evaluation.
Deep classifier: automatically categorizing search results into large-scale hierarchies.
Understanding temporal aspects in document classification.
Integration of news content into web results.
Information arbitrage across multi-lingual Wikipedia.
Is Wikipedia link structure different?
Top- aggregation using intersections of ranked inputs.
Query by document.
Adaptive subjective triggers for opinionated document retrieval.
Camera brand congruence in the Flickr social graph.
Measuring the similarity between implicit semantic relations using web search engines.
Online social networks: modeling and mining: invited talk.
Wikipedia pages as entry points for book search.
Predicting the readability of short web summaries.
Mining user web search activity with layered bayesian networks or how to capture a click in its context.
Efficient multiple-click models in web search.
A new visual search interface for web browsing.
Harvesting, searching, and ranking knowledge on the web: invited talk.
Discovering and using groups to improve personalized search.
Cross-language query classification using web search for exogenous knowledge.
The web changes everything: understanding the dynamics of web content.
Quality-aware collaborative question answering: methods and evaluation.
Classifying tags using open content resources.
Speeding up algorithms on compressed web graphs.
Challenges in building large-scale information retrieval systems: invited talk.
Less is more: sampling the neighborhood graph makes SALSA better and faster.
Finding text reuse on the web.
Characterizing the influence of domain expertise on web search behavior.
Diversifying search results.
Clustering the tagged web.
A model for fast web mining prototyping.
Generating labels from clicks.
Effective latent space graph-based re-ranking model with global consistency.
Mining common topics from multiple asynchronous text streams.
Improving music genre classification using collaborative tagging data.
Learning structural SVMs with latent variables.
Optimized expected information gain for nonlinear dynamical systems.
Workshop summary: Numerical mathematics in machine learning.
Interactively optimizing information retrieval systems as a dueling bandits problem.
Function factorization using warped Gaussian processes.
Structure preserving embedding.
A novel lexicalized HMM-based learning framework for web opinion mining.
Piecewise-stationary bandit problems with side observations.
Nearest neighbors in high-dimensional data: the emergence and influence of hubs.
On primal and dual sparsity of Markov networks.
Invited talk: Drifting games, boosting and online learning.
Tutorial summary: Reductions in machine learning.
Accounting for burstiness in topic models.
Invited talk: Can learning kernels help performance?
Learning dictionaries of stable autoregressive models for audio scene analysis.
Bandit-based optimization on graphs with application to library performance tuning.
Kernelized value function approximation for reinforcement learning.
Boosting products of base classifiers.
Stochastic methods for regularized loss minimization.
Learning with structured sparsity.
Unsupervised search-based structured prediction.
PAC-Bayesian learning of linear classifiers.
Dynamic mixed membership blockmodel for evolving networks.
Evaluation methods for topic models.
Block-wise construction of acyclic relational features with monotone irreducibility and relevancy properties.
Tractable nonparametric Bayesian inference in Poisson processes with Gaussian process intensities.
Nonparametric estimation of the precision-recall curve.
Learning kernels from indefinite similarities.
Archipelago: nonparametric Bayesian semi-supervised learning.
Ranking interesting subgroups.
Learning prediction suffix trees with Winnow.
Proto-predictive representation of states with simple recurrent temporal-difference networks.
Solution stability in linear programming relaxations: graph partitioning and unsupervised learning.
Workshop summary: Automated interpretation and modelling of cell images.
An efficient projection for , regularization.
The adaptive -meteorologists problem and its application to structure learning and feature selection in reinforcement learning.
A least squares formulation for a class of generalized eigenvalue problems in machine learning.
Partial order embedding with multiple kernels.
Efficient learning algorithms for changing environments.
GAODE and HAODE: two proposals based on AODE to deal with continuous variables.
Tutorial summary: Machine learning in IR: recent successes and new opportunities.
Multi-view clustering via canonical correlation analysis.
Non-monotonic feature selection.
A convex formulation for learning shared structures from multiple tasks.
Topic-link LDA: joint models of topic and author community.
Stochastic search using the natural gradient.
Online dictionary learning for sparse coding.
Gradient descent with sparsification: an iterative algorithm for sparse recovery with restricted isometry property.
MedLDA: maximum margin supervised topic models for regression and classification.
Geometry-aware metric learning.
Near-Bayesian exploration in polynomial time.
Convex variational Bayesian inference for large scale generalized linear models.
Large-scale collaborative prediction using a nonparametric random effects model.
Workshop summary: Sparse methods for music audio.
Large-scale deep unsupervised learning using graphics processors.
The graphlet spectrum.
The Bayesian group-Lasso for analyzing contingency tables.
Curriculum learning.
Blockwise coordinate descent procedures for the multi-task lasso, with applications to neural semantic basis discovery.
Dynamic analysis of multiagent -learning with &epsilon;-greedy exploration.
Structure learning of Bayesian networks using constraints.
Boosting with structural sparsity.
Information theoretic measures for clusterings comparison: is a correction for chance necessary?
Generalization analysis of listwise learning-to-rank algorithms.
Approximate inference for planning in stochastic relational worlds.
Identifying suspicious URLs: an application of large-scale online learning.
Polyhedral outer approximations with application to natural language parsing.
A majorization-minimization algorithm for (multiple) hyperparameter learning.
Large margin training for hidden Markov models with partially observed states.
Convolutional deep belief networks for scalable unsupervised learning of hierarchical representations.
Tutorial summary: Survey of boosting from an optimization perspective.
Graph construction and -matching for semi-supervised learning.
Sparse Gaussian graphical models with unknown block structure.
A scalable framework for discovering coherent co-clusters in noisy data.
Sequential Bayesian prediction in the presence of changepoints.
Workshop summary: Workshop on learning feature hierarchies.
Workshop summary: The fourth workshop on evaluation methods for machine learning.
Fast gradient-descent methods for temporal-difference learning with linear function approximation.
Learning nonlinear dynamic models.
Grammatical inference as a principal component analysis problem.
Spectral clustering based on the graph -Laplacian.
Bayesian inference for Plackett-Luce ranking models.
Discovering options from example trajectories.
Workshop summary: Seventh annual workshop on Bayes applications.
Optimistic initialization and greediness lead to polynomial time learning in factored MDPs.
More generality in efficient multiple kernel learning.
Tutorial summary: Active learning.
Tutorial summary: The neuroscience of reinforcement learning.
Supervised learning from multiple experts: whom to trust when everyone lies a bit.
A simpler unified analysis of budget perceptrons.
Factored conditional restricted Boltzmann Machines for modeling motion style.
Workshop summary: On-line learning with limited feedback.
Learning non-redundant codebooks for classifying complex objects.
Partially supervised feature selection with regularized linear models.
Using fast weights to improve persistent contrastive divergence.
Analytic moment-based Gaussian process filtering.
Efficient Euclidean projections in linear time.
Active learning for directed exploration of complex systems.
Bayesian clustering for email campaign detection.
Multi-assignment clustering for Boolean data.
Online learning by ellipsoid method.
Regression by dependence minimization and its application to causal inference in additive noise models.
Detecting the direction of causal time series.
Learning structurally consistent undirected probabilistic graphical models.
Matrix updates for perceptron training of continuous density hidden Markov models.
Unsupervised hierarchical modeling of locomotion styles.
A stochastic memoizer for sequence data.
Multi-class image segmentation using conditional random fields and global classification.
Constraint relaxation in approximate linear programs.
Monte-Carlo simulation balancing.
SimpleNPKL: simple non-parametric kernel learning.
BoltzRank: learning to maximize expected ranking gain.
Independent factor topic models.
Predictive representations for policy gradient in POMDPs.
Group lasso with overlap and graph lasso.
Learning complex motions by sequencing simpler motion templates.
Herding dynamical weights to learn.
Robot trajectory optimization using approximate inference.
Nonparametric factor analysis with beta process priors.
Surrogate regret bounds for proper losses.
Model-free reinforcement learning as mixture learning.
Tutorial summary: Convergence of natural dynamics to equilibria.
Split variational inference.
Orbit-product representation and correction of Gaussian belief propagation.
Decision tree and instance-based learning for label ranking.
Proximal regularization for online and batch learning.
Semi-supervised learning using label mean.
Hilbert space embeddings of conditional distributions with applications to dynamical systems.
An efficient sparse metric learning in high-dimensional space via -penalized log-determinant regularization.
Learning Markov logic network structure via hypergraph lifting.
Multi-instance learning by treating instances as non-I.I.D. samples.
Learning linear dynamical systems without sequence information.
Fitting a graph to vector data.
Rule learning with monotonicity constraints.
Learning from measurements in exponential families.
Robust bounds for classification via selective sampling.
Tutorial summary: Structured prediction for natural language processing.
Domain adaptation from multiple sources via auxiliary classifiers.
EigenTransfer: a unified framework for transfer learning.
Online feature elicitation in interactive optimization.
Tutorial summary: Learning with dependencies between several response variables.
Trajectory prediction: learning to map situations to robot trajectories.
Workshop summary: Abstraction in reinforcement learning.
Deep learning from temporal coherence in video.
Regularization and feature selection in least-squares temporal difference learning.
Route kernels for trees.
Importance weighted active learning.
Ranking with ordered weighted pairwise classification.
Compositional noisy-logical learning.
Uncertainty sampling and transductive experimental design for active dual supervision.
Sparse higher order conditional random fields for improved sequence labeling.
Incorporating domain knowledge into topic modeling via Dirichlet Forest priors.
Transfer learning for collaborative filtering via a rating-matrix generative model.
ABC-boost: adaptive base class boost for multi-class classification.
Accelerated sampling for the Indian Buffet Process.
Learning when to stop thinking and do something!
Good learners for evil teachers.
Learning spectral graph transformations for link prediction.
Feature hashing for large scale multitask learning.
Workshop summary: Results of the 2009 reinforcement learning competition.
Optimal reverse prediction: a unified perspective on supervised, unsupervised and semi-supervised learning.
An accelerated gradient method for trace norm minimization.
Multiple indefinite kernel learning with mixed norm regularization.
Binary action search for learning continuous-action control policies.
Robust feature extraction via information theoretic learning.
Discriminative -metrics.
Learning instance specific distances using metric propagation.
Hoeffding and Bernstein races for selecting policies in evolutionary direct policy search.
Deep transfer via second-order Markov logic.
On sampling-based approximate spectral decomposition.
A Bayesian approach to protein model quality assessment.
Fast evolutionary maximum margin clustering.
Learning to segment from a few well-selected training images.
Structure learning with independent non-identically distributed data.
Prototype vector machine for large scale semi-supervised learning.
K-means in space: a radiation sensitivity evaluation.
Exploiting sparse Markov covariance structure in multiresolution models.
Tutorial summary: Large social and information networks: opportunities for ML.
Probabilistic dyadic data analysis with local and global consistency.
Non-linear matrix factorization with Gaussian processes.
Study of Principal Components on Classification of Problematic Wine Fermentations.
On Cellular Network Channels Data Mining and Decision Making through Ant Colony Optimization and Multi Agent Systems Strategies.
Responsible Data Releases.
Online Mass Flow Prediction in CFB Boilers.
Evaluation of Distraction in a Driver-Vehicle-Environment Framework: An Application of Different Data-Mining Techniques.
The Normalized Compression Distance as a Distance Measure in Entity Identification.
Distances in Classification.
Computer-Aided Diagnosis in Brain Computed Tomography Screening.
Data Mining of Agricultural Yield Data: A Comparison of Regression Models.
Evaluation of Fusion for Similarity Searching in Online Handwritten Documents.
A Sales Forecast Model for the German Automobile Market Based on Time Series Analysis and Data Mining Methods.
Knowledge Representation in Difficult Medical Diagnosis.
Forecasting Product Life Cycle Phase Transition Points with Modular Neural Networks Based System.
Clustering with Domain Value Dissimilarity for Categorical Data.
Credit Risk Handling in Telecommunication Sector.
Combining Multidimensional Scaling and Computational Intelligence for Industrial Monitoring.
Integrating Data Mining and Agent Based Modeling and Simulation.
A Data Mining Method for Finding Hidden Relationship in Blood and Urine Examination Items for Health Check.
Visualizing the Competitive Structure of Online Auctions.
Ordinal Evaluation: A New Perspective on Country Images.
Sales Intelligence Using Web Mining.
A Case of Using Formal Concept Analysis in Combination with Emergent Self Organizing Maps for Detecting Domestic Violence.
On a New Similarity Analysis in Frequency Domain for Mining Faces within a Complex Background.
On the Integration of Neural Classifiers through Similarity Analysis of Higher Order Features.
Attribute Constrained Rules for Partially Labeled Sequence Completion.
Self-training Strategies for Handwriting Word Recognition.
Electronic Nose Ovarian Carcinoma Diagnosis Based on Machine Learning Algorithms.
Mining Determining Sets for Partially Defined Functions.
Screening Paper Runnability in a Web-Offset Pressroom by Data Mining.
SO_MAD: SensOr Mining for Anomaly Detection in Railway Data.
Application of Classification Association Rule Mining for Mammalian Mesenchymal Stem Cell Differentiation.
Time series shapelets: a new primitive for data mining.
On the tradeoff between privacy and utility in data publishing.
Co-clustering on manifolds.
A principled and flexible framework for finding alternative clusterings.
Learning optimal ranking with tensor factorization for tag recommendation.
Efficiently learning the accuracy of labeling sources for selective sampling.
Exploring social tagging graph for web object classification.
Efficient anomaly monitoring over moving object trajectory streams.
Audience selection for on-line brand advertising: privacy-friendly social network targeting.
DOULION: counting triangles in massive graphs with a coin.
Drosophila gene expression pattern annotation using sparse features and term-term interactions.
Large-scale behavioral targeting.
Multi-focal learning and its application to customer service support.
Learning with a non-exhaustive training dataset: a case study: detection of bacteria cultures using optical-scattering technology.
Combining link and content for community detection: a discriminative approach.
Scalable pseudo-likelihood estimation in hybrid random fields.
Detection of unique temporal segments by information theoretic meta-clustering.
Learning, indexing, and diagnosing network faults.
Cartesian contour: a concise representation for a collection of frequent sets.
Mining broad latent query aspects from search sessions.
Name-ethnicity classification from open sources.
Grouped graphical Granger modeling methods for temporal causal modeling.
Structured correspondence topic models for mining captioned figures in biological literature.
Toward autonomic grids: analyzing the job flow with affinity streaming.
Mining web logs: applications and challenges.
Mining social networks for personalized email prioritization.
Effective multi-label active learning for text classification.
CoCo: coding cost for parameter-free outlier detection.
Meme-tracking and the dynamics of the news cycle.
TANGENT: a novel, 'Surprise me', recommendation algorithm.
Collective annotation of Wikipedia entities in web text.
Towards a universal marketplace over the web: statistical multi-label classification of service provider forms with simulated annealing.
Grocery shopping recommendations based on basket-sensitive random walk.
Constrained optimization for validation-guided conditional random field learning.
Large-scale graph mining using backbone refinement classes.
A case study of behavior-driven conjoint analysis on Yahoo!: front page today module.
Improving classification accuracy using automatically extracted training data.
Issues in evaluation of stream learning algorithms.
Large human communication networks: patterns and a utility-driven generator.
On compressing social networks.
Using graph-based metrics with empirical risk minimization to speed up active learning on networked data.
Temporal mining for interactive workflow data analysis.
Mismatched models, wrong results, and dreadful decisions: on choosing appropriate data mining tools.
Turning down the noise in the blogosphere.
Large-scale sparse logistic regression.
Towards combining web classification and web information extraction: a case study.
Open standards and cloud computing: KDD-2009 panel report.
Characteristic relational patterns.
Measuring the effects of preprocessing decisions and network forces in dynamic network analysis.
Analyzing patterns of user content generation in online social networks.
Category detection using hierarchical mean shift.
Network anomaly detection based on Eigen equation compression.
Tell me something I don't know: randomization strategies for iterative data mining.
Frequent pattern mining with uncertain data.
Genre-based decomposition of email class noise.
Optimizing web traffic via the media scheduling problem.
OpinionMiner: a novel machine learning system for web opinion mining and extraction.
Cross domain distribution adaptation via kernel mapping.
Quantification and semi-supervised classification methods for handling changes in class distribution.
Co-evolution of social and affiliation networks.
Consensus group stable feature selection.
Migration motif: a spatial - temporal pattern mining approach for financial markets.
Mining discrete patterns via binary matrix factorization.
BGP-lens: patterns and anomalies in internet routing updates.
WhereNext: a location predictor on trajectory pattern mining.
A LRT framework for fast spatial anomaly detection.
Beyond blacklists: learning to detect malicious web sites from suspicious URLs.
Predicting bounce rates in sponsored search advertisements.
Clustering event logs using iterative partitioning.
DynaMMo: mining and summarization of coevolving sequences with missing values.
Incorporating site-level knowledge for incremental crawling of web forums: a list-wise strategy.
Augmenting the generalized hough transform to enable the mining of petroglyphs.
Adapting the right measures for K-means clustering.
Feature shaping for linear SVM classifiers.
Mining brain region connectivity for alzheimer's disease study via sparse inverse covariance estimation.
A multi-relational approach to spatial classification.
Data mining at NASA: from theory to applications.
MetaFac: community discovery via relational hypergraph factorization.
Regret-based online ranking for a growing digital library.
Constant-factor approximation algorithms for identifying dynamic communities.
On burstiness-aware search for document sequences.
Learning dynamic temporal graphs for oil-production equipment monitoring system.
Social influence analysis in large-scale networks.
Collaborative filtering with temporal dynamics.
BBM: bayesian browsing model from petabyte-scale data.
Address standardization with latent semantic association.
An association analysis approach to biclustering.
Randomization methods in data mining.
Probabilistic frequent itemset mining in uncertain databases.
Efficient methods for topic model inference on streaming document collections.
Ranking-based clustering of heterogeneous information networks with star network schema.
Named entity mining from click-through data using weakly supervised latent dirichlet allocation.
New ensemble methods for evolving data streams.
Modeling and predicting user behavior in sponsored search.
Mining for the most certain predictions from dyadic data.
Catching the drift: learning broad matches from clickthrough data.
Efficient influence maximization in social networks.
Towards efficient mining of proportional fault-tolerant frequent itemsets.
Regression-based latent factor models.
Classification of software behaviors for failure detection: a discriminative pattern mining approach.
Mining rich session context to improve web search.
Can we learn a template-independent wrapper for news article extraction from a single training site?
Exploiting Wikipedia as external knowledge for document clustering.
Primal sparse Max-margin Markov networks.
Spatial-temporal causal modeling for climate change attribution.
Fast approximate spectral clustering.
Extracting discriminative concepts for domain adaptation in text mining.
A generalized Co-HITS algorithm and its application to bipartite graphs.
Connections between the lines: augmenting social networks with text.
SNARE: a link analytic system for graph labeling and risk detection.
Correlated itemset mining in ROC space: a constraint programming approach.
Sustainable operation and management of data center chillers using temporal data mining.
Anomalous window discovery through scan statistics for linear intersecting paths (SSLIP).
User grouping behavior in online forums.
Information theoretic regularization for semi-supervised boosting.
Sentiment analysis of blogs by combining lexical knowledge with text classification.
Differentially Private Recommender Systems: Building Privacy into the Netflix Prize Contenders.
Intelligent file scoring system for malware detection from the gray list.
: a random walk model for combining trust-based and item-based recommendation.
Improving data mining utility with projective sampling.
Entity discovery and assignment for opinion mining applications.
Applying syntactic similarity algorithms for enterprise information management.
Query result clustering for object-level search.
Scalable graph clustering using stochastic flows: applications to community discovery.
Network science: an introduction to recent statistical approaches.
Heterogeneous source consensus learning via decision propagation and negotiation.
Seven pitfalls to avoid when running controlled experiments on the web.
PSkip: estimating relevance ranking quality from web search clickthrough data.
Collusion-resistant anonymous data collection method.
A viewpoint-based approach for interaction graph analysis.
Enabling analysts in managed services for CRM analytics.
Finding a team of experts in social networks.
Parallel community detection on large networks with propinquity dynamics.
The offset tree for learning with partial labels.
Mind the gaps: weighting the unknown in large-scale one-class collaborative filtering.
COA: finding novel patents through text analysis.
Causality quantification and its applications: structuring and modeling of multivariate time series.
Characterizing individual communication patterns.
Improving clustering stability with combinatorial MRFs.
CP-summary: a concise representation for browsing frequent itemsets.
Anonymizing healthcare data: a case study on the blood transfusion service.
Relational learning via latent social dimensions.
Pervasive parallelism in data mining: dataflow solution to co-clustering large and sparse Netflix data.
Learning patterns in the dynamics of biological networks.
OLAP on search logs: an infrastructure supporting data-driven applications in search engines.
Consensus answers for queries over probabilistic databases.
Dynamic indexability and lower bounds for dynamic one-dimensional range query indexes.
Optimal tracking of distributed heavy hitters and quantiles.
Reverse data exchange: coping with nulls.
A web of concepts.
XPath evaluation in linear time with polynomial combined complexity.
The finite model theory toolbox of a database theoretician.
XML schema mappings.
Space-optimal heavy hitters with strong error bounds.
An efficient rigorous approach for identifying statistically significant frequent itemsets.
Similarity caching.
Relative information completeness.
XML with incomplete information: models, properties, and query answering.
Satisfiability and relevance for queries over active documents.
Satisfiability of downward XPath with data equality tests.
Secondary indexing in one dimension: beyond b-trees and bitmap indexes.
Indexing uncertain data.
Generalized schema-mappings: from termination to tractability.
Distributed XML design.
Size and treewidth bounds for conjunctive queries.
Equivalence of nested queries with mixed semantics.
A general datalog-based framework for tractable query answering over ontologies.
Optimal sampling from sliding windows.
Computing all skyline probabilities for uncertain data.
Relationship privacy: output perturbation for queries with joins.
Equivalence of SQL queries in presence of embedded dependencies.
Exceeding expectations and clustering uncertain data.
Running tree automata on probabilistic XML.
Worst-case efficient range search indexing: invited tutorial.
The ACM PODS Alberto O. Mendelzon test-of-time-award 2009.
Preface, Message from the Conference Co-Chair Acknowledgments.
High Performance Parallel/Distributed Biclustering Using Barycenter Heuristic.
On Randomness Measures for Social Networks.
Non-parametric Information-Theoretic Measures of One-Dimensional Distribution Functions from Continuous Time Series.
Feature Weighted SVMs Using Receiver Operating Characteristics.
GAD: General Activity Detection for Fast Clustering on Large Data.
On Segment-Based Stream Modeling and Its Applications.
Local Relevance Weighted Maximum Margin Criterion for Text Classification.
Speeding Up Secure Computations via Embedded Caching.
FuncICA for Time Series Pattern Discovery.
Multi-topic Based Query-Oriented Summarization.
Structure and Dynamics of Research Collaboration in Computer Science.
Mining for Surprise Events Within Text Streams.
Event Discovery in Time Series.
AMORI: A Metric-Based One Rule Inducer.
Context Aware Trace Clustering: Towards Improving Process Mining Results.
Non-negative Matrix Factorization, Convexity and Isometry.
FEDRA: A Fast and Efficient Dimensionality Reduction Algorithm.
Hierarchical Linear Discriminant Analysis for Beamforming.
Link Propagation: A Fast Semi-supervised Learning Algorithm for Link Prediction.
Measuring Discrimination in Socially-Sensitive Decision Records.
Efficient Active Learning with Boosting.
ShatterPlots: Fast Tools for Mining Large Graphs.
Discretized Spatio-Temporal Scan Window.
A Bayesian Approach to Graphy Regression with Relevant Subgraph Selection.
Near-optimal Supervised Feature Selection among Frequent Subgraphs.
Low-Entropy Set Selection.
CORE: Nonparametric Clustering of Large Numeric Databases.
Multiple Kernel Clustering.
MultiVis: Content-Based Social Network Exploration through Multi-way Visual Analysis.
Parallel Large Scale Feature Selection for Logistic Regression.
On the Comparison of Relative Clustering Validity Criteria.
MUSK: Uniform Sampling of k Maximal Patterns.
FutureRank: Ranking Scientific Articles by Predicting their Future PageRank.
Polynomial-Delay and Polynomial-Space Algorithms for Mining Closed Sequences, Graphs, and Pictures in Accessible Set Systems.
A Re-evaluation of the Over-Searching Phenomenon in Inductive Rule Learning.
Discovery of Geospatial Discriminating Patterns from Remote Sensing Datasets.
Constraint-Based Subspace Clustering.
Finding Representative Association Rules from Large Rule Collections.
An Entity Based Model for Coreference Resolution.
A New Constraint for Mining Sets in Sequences.
Efficient Multiplicative Updates for Support Vector Machines.
Randomization Techniques for Graphs.
Integrated KL (K-means - Laplacian) Clustering: A New Clustering Approach by Combining Attribute Data and Pairwise Relations.
PICC Counting: Who Needs Joins When You Can Propagate Efficiently?.
Mining Cohesive Patterns from Graphs with Feature Vectors.
Agglomerative Mean-Shift Clustering via Query Set Compression.
Semi-supervised Learning by Sparse Representation.
A Semi-Supervised Framework for Feature Mapping and Multiclass Classification.
The Metric Dilemma: Competence-Conscious Associative Classification.
Application of Bayesian Partition Models in Warranty Data Analysis.
Analyses for Service Interaction Networks with Applications to Service Delivery.
The Set Classification Problem and Solution Methods.
Topic Evolution in a Stream of Documents.
Hybrid Clustering of Text Mining and Bibliometrics Applied to Journal Sets.
Topic Cube: Topic Modeling for OLAP on Multidimensional Text Databases.
Detection and Characterization of Anomalies in Multivariate Time Series.
Exploiting Semantic Constraints for Estimating Supersenses with CRFs.
Spatially Cost-Sensitive Active Learning.
Travel-Time Prediction Using Gaussian Process Regression: A Trajectory-Based Approach.
Autocannibalistic and Anyspace Indexing Algorithms with Application to Sensor Data Mining.
Optimal Distance Bounds on Time-Series Data.
Prior-Free Rare Category Detection.
Graph Generation with Prescribed Feature Constraints.
Adaptive Concept Drift Detection.
Efficient Discovery of Interesting Patterns Based on Strong Closedness.
Providing Privacy through Plausibly Deniable Search.
Outlier Detection with Globally Optimal Exemplar-Based GMM.
Divide and Conquer Strategies for Effective Information Retrieval.
Exact Discovery of Time Series Motifs.
Straightforward Feature Selection for Scalable Latent Semantic Indexing.
A Bayesian Approach Toward Finding Communities and Their Evolutions in Dynamic Social Networks.
Identifying Information-Rich Subspace Trends in High-Dimensional Data.
On Maximum Coverage in the Streaming Model & Application to Multi-topic Blog-Watch.
Twin Vector Machines for Online Learning on a Budget.
A Family of Large Margin Linear Classifiers and Its Application in Dynamic Environments.
Privacy Preservation in Social Networks with Sensitive Edge Weights.
Identifying Unsafe Routes for Network-Based Trajectory Privacy.
Diversity-Based Weighting Schemes for Clustering Ensembles.
Multi-field Correlated Topic Modeling.
Tracking User Mobility to Detect Suspicious Behavior.
DensEst: Density Estimation for Data Mining in High Dimensional Spaces.
Noise Robust Classification Based on Spread Spectrum.
Highlighting Diverse Concepts in Documents.
Mining Complex Spatio-Temporal Sequence Patterns.
Grammar Mining.
Detecting Communities in Social Networks Using Max-Min Modularity.
Scalable Distributed Change Detection from Astronomy Data Streams Using Local, Asynchronous Eigen Monitoring Algorithms.
Parallel Pairwise Clustering.
Toward Optimal Ordering of Prediction Tasks.
Multi-Modal Hierarchical Dirichlet Process Model for Predicting Image Annotation and Image-Object Label Correspondence.
Text Categorization with All Substring Features.
Top-k Correlative Graph Mining.
Aligned Graph Classification with Regularized Logistic Regression.
Bayesian Cluster Ensembles.
Time-Decayed Correlated Aggregates over Data Streams.
Efficient Computation of Partial-Support for Mining Interesting Itemsets.
Change-Point Detection in Time-Series Data by Direct Density-Ratio Estimation.
A Framework for Exploring Categorical Data.
Discovering Substantial Distinctions among Incremental Bi-Clusters.
Proximity-Based Anomaly Detection Using Sparse Structure Learning.
Understanding Importance of Collaborations in Co-authorship Networks: A Supportiveness Analysis Approach.
Finding Links and Initiators: A Graph-Reconstruction Problem.
Learning Random-Walk Kernels for Protein Remote Homology Identification and Motif Discovery.
A Hybrid Data Mining Metaheuristic for the p-Median Problem.
Positive Unlabeled Learning for Data Stream Classification.
Segment-level display time as implicit feedback: a comparison to eye tracking.
Topic set size redux.
Enhancing topical ranking with preferences from click-through data.
Modeling uncertainty in video retrieval: a retrieval model for uncertain semantic representations of videos.
Evolutionary document summarization for disaster management.
An interdisciplinary perspective on information retrieval.
On the relative age of spam and ham training samples for email filtering.
Undergraduates' evaluations of assigned search topics.
Classifying library catalogue by author profiling.
Toponym ambiguity in geographical information retrieval.
Agreement among statistical significance tests for information retrieval evaluation at varying sample sizes.
Learning in a pairwise term-term proximity framework for information retrieval.
SUSHI: scoring scaled samples for server selection.
A statistical comparison of tag and query logs.
Temporal query substitution for ad search.
Personalizing information retrieval using task features, topic knowledge, and task product.
An improved markov random field model for supporting verbose queries.
A ranking approach to keyphrase extraction.
Modeling search response time.
Measuring the descriptiveness of web comments.
The wisdom of the few: a collaborative filtering approach based on expert opinions from the web.
CompositeMap: a novel framework for music similarity measure.
Optimizing search engine revenue in sponsored search.
Brute force and indexed approaches to pairwise document similarity comparisons with MapReduce.
Relevance criteria for e-commerce: a crowdsourcing-based experimental analysis.
Affective adaptive retrieval: study of emotion in adaptive retrieval.
Positional language models for information retrieval.
Topic (query) selection for IR evaluation.
On efficient posting list intersection with multicore processors.
Entropy-biased models for query representation on the click graph.
Compressing term positions in web indexes.
Automatic URL completion and prediction using fuzzy type-ahead search.
Finding advertising keywords on video scripts.
A classification-based approach to question answering in discussion boards.
Score adjustment for correction of pooling bias.
Reducing long queries using query quality predictors.
Combining audio content and social context for semantic music discovery.
Selecting hierarchical clustering cut points for web person-name disambiguation.
Expertise search in academia using facets.
Evaluating web search using task completion time.
Click-through prediction for news queries.
A 2-poisson model for probabilistic coreference of named entities for improved text retrieval.
Link analysis for private weighted graphs.
A latent topic model for linked documents.
The impact of crawl policy on web search effectiveness.
Integrating clusters created offline with query-specific clusters for document retrieval.
Tagging products using image classification.
Ranking community answers by modeling question-answer relationships via analogical reasoning.
Automatic video tagging using content redundancy.
Spam filter evaluation with imprecise ground truth.
Knowledge transformation for cross-domain sentiment classification.
Using dynamic markov compression to detect vandalism in the wikipedia.
Pharos: an audiovisual search platform.
Two-stage query segmentation for information retrieval.
A probabilistic topic-based ranking framework for location-sensitive domain information retrieval.
Term-based commercial intent analysis.
Protein identification as an information retrieval problem.
Where to stop reading a ranked list?: threshold optimization using truncated score distributions.
System scoring using partial prior information.
A graph-based approach to mining multilingual word associations from wikipedia.
Context transfer in search advertising.
Approximating true relevance distribution from a mixture model based on irrelevance data.
Predicting user interests from contextual information.
Using wikipedia categories for ad hoc search.
Risky business: modeling and exploiting uncertainty in information retrieval.
From networks to human behavior.
Exploiting memory cues in personal lifelog retrieval.
A robust retrieval system of polyphonic music based on chord progression similarity.
Context-based health information retrieval.
Has adhoc retrieval improved since 1994?
CrowdReranking: exploring multiple search engines for visual search reranking.
Global ranking by exploiting user clicks.
CDPRanking: discovering and ranking cross-document paths between entities.
Exploiting temporal information in retrieval of archived documents.
Accommodating colorblind users in image search.
Visualizing the problems with the INEX topics.
Adaptation of offline vertical selection predictions in the presence of user feedback.
Characterizing the subjectivity of topics.
Including summaries in system evaluation.
Users' stopping behaviors and estimates of recall.
Deep versus shallow judgments in learning to rank.
Simultaneously modeling semantics and structure of threaded discussions: a sparse coding approach and its applications.
A search engine in a few lines.: yes, we can!
A relevance model based filter for improving ad quality.
Towards methods for the collective gathering and quality control of relevance assessments.
Reciprocal rank fusion outperforms condorcet and individual rank learning methods.
Fast nonparametric matrix factorization for large-scale collaborative filtering.
A proximity language model for information retrieval.
An evaluation of entity and frequency based query completion methods.
Smoothing clickthrough data for web search ranking.
Novelty detection across different source types and languages.
Integrating phrase inseparability in phrase-based model.
Query dependent pseudo-relevance feedback based on wikipedia.
Incorporating prior knowledge into a transductive ranking algorithm for multi-document summarization.
Mining employment market via text block detection and adaptive cross-domain information extraction.
Quantifying performance and quality gains in distributed web search engines.
Compression-based document length prior for language models.
Using document structure for automatic summarization.
What queries are likely to recur in web search?
SugarCube: quantification of topic propagation in the blogosphere using percolation theory.
Revisiting logical imaging for information retrieval.
Placing flickr photos on a map.
Telling experts from spammers: expertise ranking in folksonomies.
Score and rank convergence of HITS.
EvaluatIR: an online tool for evaluating and comparing IR systems.
Page hunt: improving search engines using human computation games.
Efficient query expansion for advertisement search.
Estimating query performance using class predictions.
A case for improved evaluation of query difficulty prediction.
Multiclass VisualRank: image ranking method in clustered subsets based on visual features.
Modeling facial expressions and peripheral physiological signals to predict topical relevance.
Template-independent wrapper for web forums.
Detecting spammers and content promoters in online video social networks.
Cross language name matching.
Multiview clustering: a late fusion approach using latent models.
Addressing morphological variation in alphabetic languages.
wikiSearch: enabling interactivity in search.
Query sampling for ranking learning in web search.
On perfect document rankings for expert search.
Web-derived resources for web information retrieval: from conceptual hierarchies to attribute hierarchies.
A comparison of query and term suggestion features for interactive searching.
Improving search relevance for implicitly temporal queries.
Sifting micro-blogging stream for events of user interest.
Combining LVCSR and vocabulary-independent ranked utterance retrieval for robust speech search.
A study on performance volatility in information retrieval.
Generic similarity search engine demonstrated by an image retrieval application.
It pays to be picky: an evaluation of thread retrieval in online forums.
Incentives for social annotation.
Good abandonment in mobile and PC internet search.
Comparing both relevance and robustness in selection of web ranking functions.
Is this urgent?: exploring time-sensitive information needs in collaborative question answering.
Sources of evidence for vertical selection.
Cluster-based query expansion.
Mining product reviews based on shallow dependency parsing.
Search engine predilection towards news media providers.
The importance of manual assessment in link discovery.
Feature selection for automatic taxonomy induction.
Experiments in CLIR using fuzzy string search based on surface similarity.
Measuring constraint violations in information retrieval.
An automatic translation of tags for multimedia contents using folksonomy networks.
Web derived pronunciations for spoken term detection.
Spoken information retrieval for turkish broadcast news.
Personalized tag recommendation using graph-based ranking on multi-type interrelated objects.
A syntactic tree matching approach to finding similar questions in community-based qa services.
Fitting score distribution for blog opinion retrieval.
Multiple approaches to analysing query diversity.
Topic structure for information retrieval.
Serendipitous search via wikipedia: a query log analysis.
High precision retrieval using relevance-flow graph.
Using computational community interest as an indicator for ranking.
Using anchor texts with their hyperlink structure for web search.
Concept representation based video indexing.
On single-pass indexing with MapReduce.
Robust sparse rank learning for non-smooth ranking measures.
Efficiency trade-offs in two-tier web search systems.
K-tree: large scale document clustering.
An aspectual interface for supporting complex search tasks.
A comparison of retrieval-based hierarchical clustering approaches to person name disambiguation.
Tag-based object similarity computation using term space dimension reduction.
When is query performance prediction effective?
Transforming patents into prior-art queries.
Usefulness of click-through data in expert search.
On the local optimality of LambdaRank.
Topic prerogative feature selection using multiple query examples for automatic video retrieval.
Leveraging sources of collective wisdom on the web for discovering technology synergies.
Is spam an issue for opinionated blog post search?
A bayesian learning approach to promoting diversity in ranking for biomedical information retrieval.
Blog distillation using random walks.
Social networks and discovery in the enterprise (SaND).
A unified inverted index for an efficient image and text retrieval.
Enhancing cluster labeling using wikipedia.
Searching documentation using text, OCR, and image.
Portfolio theory of information retrieval.
Counting ancestors to estimate authority.
Developing energy efficient filtering systems.
Exploiting social context for expertise propagation.
When more is less: the paradox of choice in search engine use.
Web searching for daily living.
Beyond session segmentation: predicting changes in search intent with client-side user interactions.
Query side evaluation: an empirical analysis of effectiveness and effort.
Equivalence between nonnegative tensor factorization and tensorial probabilistic latent semantic analysis.
Evaluating effects of machine translation accuracy on cross-lingual patent retrieval.
A relevance-based topic model for news event tracking.
Extracting structured information from user queries with semi-supervised conditional random fields.
User-centric multi-criteria information retrieval.
On rank correlation and the distance between rankings.
Effective query expansion for federated search.
Personalized music emotion recognition.
Temporal collaborative filtering with adaptive neighbourhoods.
Named entity recognition in query.
Learning to rank for quantity consensus queries.
Predicting stopping behaviour: a preliminary analysis.
Building enriched document representations using aggregated anchor text.
Annotation of URLs: more than the sum of parts.
Refined experts: improving classification in large taxonomies.
Improving user confidence in cultural heritage aggregated results.
Context-aware query classification.
Identifying the original contribution of a document via language modeling.
On social networks and collaborative recommendation.
A study of inter-annotator agreement for opinion retrieval.
Dynamicity vs. effectiveness: studying online clustering for scatter/gather.
Who said what to whom?: capturing the structure of debates.
Document selection methodologies for efficient and effective learning-to-rank.
AdOn: an intelligent overlay video advertising system.
Agate: information gathering for risk monitoring.
Learning to recommend with social trust ensemble.
The ESA retrieval model revisited.
Augmented social cognition: using social web technology to enhance the ability of groups to remember, think, and reason.
MobileMiner: a real world case study of data mining in mobile communication.
Robust and efficient algorithms for rank join evaluation.
Query optimizers: time to rethink the contract?
Simplifying XML schema: effortless handling of nondeterministic regular expressions.
MEDIALIFE: from images to a life chronicle.
ExQueX: exploring and querying XML documents.
Data warehouse technology by infobright.
Estimating the confidence of conditional functional dependencies.
Advances in flash memory SSD technology for enterprise database applications.
Serial and parallel methods for i/o efficient suffix tree construction.
Scalable skyline computation using object-based space partitioning.
Why not?
Uncertainty management in rule-based information extraction systems.
Filtered statistics.
A comparison of approaches to large-scale data analysis.
QoX-driven ETL design: reducing the cost of ETL consulting engagements.
FlexRecs: expressing and combining flexible recommendations.
E = MC: managing uncertain enterprise data in a cluster-computing environment.
Top- queries on uncertain data: on score distribution and typical answers.
Parallelizing extensible query optimizers.
Self-organizing tuple reconstruction in column-stores.
Keyword search on structured and semi-structured data.
Compensation-aware data types in RDBMS.
Query processing techniques for solid state drives.
MayBMS: a probabilistic database management system.
FPGA: what's in it for a database?
Stream warehousing with DataDepot.
Optimizing i/o-intensive transactions in highly interactive applications.
Detecting and resolving unsound workflow views for correct provenance analysis.
Asynchronous view maintenance for VLSD databases.
Extending autocompletion to tolerate errors.
Incremental maintenance of length normalized indexes for approximate string matching.
Supporting a spectrum of out-of-order event processing technologies: from aggressive to conservative methodologies.
Exploring biomedical databases with BioNav.
ELMR: lightweight mobile health records.
Cost based plan selection for xpath.
A comparison of flexible schemas for software as a service.
Top-k generation of integrated schemas based on directed and weighted correspondences.
Ordering, distinctness, aggregation, partitioning and DQP optimization in sybase ASE 15.
A grammar-based entity representation framework for data cleaning.
Entity resolution with iterative blocking.
A framework for testing query transformation rules.
Interactive anonymization of sensitive data.
ROX: run-time optimization of XQueries.
FERRY: database-supported program execution.
DDE: from dewey to a fully dynamic XML labeling scheme.
A revised r*-tree in comparison with related index structures.
Answering web queries using structured data sources.
: a stream-centric approach towards security and privacy in data stream environments.
Bridging the application and DBMS divide using static analysis and dynamic profiling.
Keyword search in databases: the power of RDBMS.
Enabling enterprise mashups over unstructured text feeds with InfoSphere MashupHub and SystemT.
Extreme visualisation of query optimizer search space.
DejaVu: declarative pattern matching over live and archived streams of events.
Transforming data access through public visualization.
Partial join order optimization in the paraccel analytic database.
CourseRank: a social system for course planning.
Taming the storage dragon: the adventures of hoTMaN.
Skip-and-prune: cosine-based top-k query processing for efficient context-sensitive document retrieval.
Robust web extraction: an approach based on a probabilistic tree-edit model.
Efficiently incorporating user feedback into information extraction and integration programs.
Dependency-aware reordering for parallelizing query optimization in multi-core CPUs.
Building community-centric information exploration applications on social content sites.
Secure outsourced aggregation via one-way chains.
Secondary-storage confidence computation for conjunctive queries with inequalities.
Distributed data-parallel computing using a high-level programming language.
Design for interaction.
ZStream: a cost-based query processor for adaptively detecting composite events.
Query simplification: graceful degradation for join-order optimization.
Anonymized data: generation, models, usage.
Core schema mappings.
GAMPS: compressing multi sensor data by grouping and amplitude scaling.
ORDEN: outlier region detection and exploration in sensor networks.
Secure kNN computation on encrypted databases.
Hermes: a travel through semantics on the data web.
Large-scale uncertainty management systems: learning and exploiting your data.
Generating example data for dataflow programs.
A data warehouse appliance for the mass market.
Quality and efficiency in high dimensional nearest neighbor search.
Exploring schema repositories with schemr.
Privacy preservation of aggregates in hidden databases: why and how?
Efficient type-ahead search on relational data: a TASTIER approach.
FlashLogging: exploiting flash devices for synchronous logging performance.
Query by output.
Privacy integrated queries: an extensible platform for privacy-preserving data analysis.
Database research in computer games.
Scalable join processing on very large RDF graphs.
The perm provenance management system in action.
Search your memory ! - an associative memory based desktop search system.
Peta-scale data warehousing at Yahoo!
The design of the force.com multitenant internet application development platform.
Kernel-based skyline cardinality estimation.
Access control in the aqualogic data services platform.
Storage class memory: technology, systems and applications.
Attacks on privacy and deFinetti's theorem.
Monitoring path nearest neighbor in road networks.
DataLens: making a good first impression.
An architecture for recycling intermediates in a column-store.
Vispedia: on-demand data integration for interactive visualization and exploration.
PRIMA: archiving and querying historical data with evolving schemas.
Cross-tier, label-based security enforcement for web applications.
Authenticated join processing in outsourced databases.
Ranking distributed probabilistic data.
Voyagers and voyeurs: supporting social data analysis.
A common database approach for OLTP and OLAP using an in-memory column database.
HDSampler: revealing data behind web form interfaces.
Interactive plan hints for query optimization.
AIDE: ad-hoc intents detection engine over query logs.
SmartCIS: integrating digital and physical environments.
Combining keyword search and forms for ad hoc querying of databases.
Dictionary-based order-preserving string compression for main memory column stores.
A decisions query language (DQL): high-level abstraction for mathematical programming over databases.
Continuous obstructed nearest neighbor queries in spatial databases.
Fast and dynamic OLAP exploration using UDFs.
Minimizing the communication cost for continuous skyline maintenance.
3-HOP: a high-compression indexing scheme for reachability query.
A gauss function based approach for unbalanced ontology matching.
Indexing correlated probabilistic databases.
What's on the grapevine?
Exploiting context analysis for combining multiple entity resolution systems.
Dynamic plan generation for parameterized queries.
Optimizing complex extraction programs over evolving text data.
Efficient approximate entity extraction with edit distance constraints.
Identifying comparable entities on the web.
Mining tourist information from user-supplied collections.
Fast and effective histogram construction.
Pseudo relevance feedback using semantic clustering in relevance language model.
Automatic link detection: a sequence labeling approach.
What's behind topic formation and development: a perspective of community core groups.
Bridging the gap: complex networks meet information and knowledge management.
ExSearch: a novel vertical search engine for online barter business.
Blog cascade affinity: analysis and prediction.
A query model based on normalized log-likelihood.
LoOP: local outlier probabilities.
Predicting the conversion probability for items on C2C ecommerce sites.
On-line index maintenance using horizontal partitioning.
POkA: identifying pareto-optimal k-anonymous nodes in a domain hierarchy lattice.
Opinion classification with tree kernel SVM using linguistic modality analysis.
Inverted indexes vs. bitmap indexes in decision support systems.
Fragment-based clustering ensembles.
Characteristics of document similarity measures for compliance analysis.
A co-classification framework for detecting web spam and spammers in social media web sites.
Retrieval constraints and word frequency distributions: a log-logistic model for IR.
Enhancing expertise retrieval using community-aware strategies.
Exploiting bidirectional links: making spamming detection easier.
Cross-domain sentiment classification using a two-stage method.
Predicting the volume of comments on online news stories.
Topic and keyword re-ranking for LDA-based topic modeling.
A code generation approach to optimizing high-performance distributed data stream processing.
Consistent on-line classification of dbs workload events.
Efficient joins with compressed bitmap indexes.
Clustering object moving patterns for prediction-based object tracking sensor networks.
Interpretable and reconfigurable clustering of document datasets by deriving word-based rules.
Measuring system performance and topic discernment using generalized adaptive-weight mean.
Agglomerating local patterns hierarchically with ALPHA.
Incremental query evaluation for support vector machines.
To divide and conquer search ranking by learning query difficulty.
Improving binary classification on text problems using differential word features.
Using domain ontology for semantic web usage mining and next page prediction.
Instance- and bag-level manifold regularization for aggregate outputs classification.
Probabilistic models of ranking novel documents for faceted topic retrieval.
StereoTrust: a group based personalized trust model.
OfCourse: web content discovery, classification and information extraction for online course materials.
Automatic generation of topic pages using query-based aspect models.
Bitmap indexes for relational XML twig query processing.
Effective, design-independent XML keyword search.
Product query classification.
On the feasibility of multi-site web search engines.
Incorporating robustness into web ranking evaluation.
Framework for timely and accurate ads on mobile devices.
Helping editors choose better seed sets for entity set expansion.
Semi-supervised learning of semantic classes for query understanding: from the web and for the web.
OSSOBOOK: database and knowledgemanagement techniques for archaeozoology.
Smoothing DCG for learning to rank: a novel approach using smoothed hinge functions.
Enhancing recommender systems under volatile userinterest drifts.
A social recommendation framework based on multi-scale continuous conditional random fields.
Aging effects on query flow graphs for query suggestion.
Independent informative subgraph mining for graph information retrieval.
Vetting the links of the web.
RefMed: relevance feedback retrieval system fo PubMed.
Characterizing commercial intent.
Acronym extraction and disambiguation in large-scale organizational web pages.
iMecho: an associative memory based desktop search system.
Nonlinear static-rank computation.
A machine learning approach for improved BM25 retrieval.
Probabilistic moving range query over RFID spatio-temporal data streams.
Msuggest: a semantic recommender framework for traditional chinese medicine book search engine.
Similarity-aware indexing for real-time entity resolution.
Walking in the crowd: anonymizing trajectory data for pattern analysis.
On domain similarity and effectiveness of adapting-to-rank.
Identifying interesting assertions from the web.
Matching person names through name transformation.
A unified relevance model for opinion retrieval.
Privacy and anonymization for very large datasets.
M-COPE: a multiple continuous query processing engine.
Detection of orthogonal concepts in subspaces of high dimensional data.
Minimal common container of tree patterns.
Incremental similarity joins with edit distance constraints.
Active learning in partially supervised classification.
Rank-aware clustering of structured datasets.
Information extraction meets relation databases.
Mashup-based information retrieval for domain experts.
Exploring multimedia databases via optimization-based relevance feedback and the earth mover's distance.
A comparative study of methods for estimating query language models with pseudo feedback.
AS-index: a structure for string search using n-grams and algebraic signatures.
Finding the topical anchors of a context using lexical cooccurrence data.
Group-by skyline query processing in relational engines.
An efficient clustering algorithm for large-scale topical web pages.
Evidence of quality of textual features on the web 2.0.
Relying on topic subsets for system ranking estimation.
Large margin transductive transfer learning.
Probabilistic skyline queries.
Easiest-first search: towards comprehension-based web search.
Feature engineering on event-centric surrogate documents to improve search results.
Multi-task learning for learning to rank in web search.
Cluster based rank query over multidimensional data streams.
Efficient multi-class unlabeled constrained semi-supervised SVM.
Web search result summarization: title selection algorithms and user satisfaction.
A term dependency-based approach for query terms ranking.
Scalable continuous range monitoring of moving objects in symbolic indoor space.
P-Rank: a comprehensive structural similarity measure over information networks.
SPIDER: a system for scalable, parallel / distributed evaluation of large-scale RDF data.
Empirical justification of the gain and discount function for nDCG.
Exploring relevance for clicks.
Text summarization model based on the budgeted median problem.
Analyzing and evaluating query reformulation strategies in web search logs.
Message family propagation for ising mean field based on iteration tree.
XQGen: an algebra-based XPath query generator for micro-benchmarking.
Graph-based transfer learning.
Navigational path privacy protection: navigational path privacy protection.
Matching stream patterns of various lengths and tolerances.
Exploiting term relationship to boost text classification.
Effective anonymization of query logs.
MatchSim: a novel neighbor-based similarity measure with maximum neighborhood matching.
Kernel latent semantic analysis using an information retrieval based kernel.
An integrated discriminative probabilistic approach to information extraction.
Voting in social networks.
A signal-to-noise approach to score normalization.
An analysis framework for search sequences.
Spatio-temporal association rule mining framework for real-time sensor network applications.
Structure-aware indexing for keyword search in databases.
Experiments on pattern-based relation learning.
XCFS: an XML documents clustering approach using both the structure and the content.
Characterizing, constructing and managing resource usage profiles of system S applications: challenges and experience.
Dynamic hyperparameter optimization for bayesian topical trend analysis.
To obtain orthogonal feature extraction using training data selection.
ComprehEnRank: estimating comprehension in classroom by absorbing random walks on a cognitive graph.
A collaborative filtering approach to ad recommendation using the query-ad click graph.
Stochastic gradient boosted distributed decision trees.
Exploiting internal and external semantics for the clustering of short texts using world knowledge.
Efficient and reliable merging of XML documents.
Semantic queries in databases: problems and challenges.
HyperSum: hypergraph based semi-supervised sentence ranking for query-oriented summarization.
Real-word spelling correction using Google web 1Tn-gram data set.
Domain driven data mining to improve promotional campaign ROI and select marketing channels.
A fast and simple method for extracting relevant content from news webpages.
3se: a semi-structured search engine for heterogeneous data in graph model.
Maximal metric margin partitioning for similarity search indexes.
Data-driven compound splitting method for english compounds in domain names.
sDoc: exploring social wisdom for document enhancement in web mining.
Using opinion-based features to boost sentence retrieval.
The gardener's problem for web information monitoring.
Learning to rank graphs for online similar graph search.
Compact full-text indexing of versioned document collections.
Answering XML queries using materialized views revisited.
Mining linguistic cues for query expansion: applications to drug interaction search.
Ensembles in adversarial classification for spam.
Efficient algorithms for approximate member extraction using signature-based inverted lists.
YAM: a schema matcher factory.
Socializing or knowledge sharing?: characterizing social intent in community question answering.
Context sensitive synonym discovery for web search queries.
Fuzzy semantic web ontology learning from fuzzy UML model.
Automatic query generation for patent search.
User-induced links in collaborative tagging systems.
Provenance query evaluation: what's so special about it?
Online anonymity for personalized web services.
URL normalization for de-duplication of web pages.
Heterogeneous cross domain ranking in latent space.
Ranking model adaptation for domain-specific search.
Using multiple ontologies in information extraction.
MING: mining informative entity relationship subgraphs.
Who tags the tags?: a framework for bookmark weighting.
Probabilistic latent preference analysis for collaborative filtering.
Post-rank reordering: resolving preference misalignments between search engines and end users.
Workload-aware trie indices for XML.
Usage based effectiveness measures: monitoring application performance in information retrieval.
DS-Cuber: an integrated OLAP environment for data streams.
Mining frequent itemsets in time-varying data streams.
(Not) yet another matcher.
Efficient processing of group-oriented connection queries in a large graph.
An empirical study on using hidden markov model for search interface segmentation.
Constructing evolutionary taxonomy of collaborative tagging systems.
PQC: personalized query classification.
Automatic retrieval of similar content using search engine query interface.
Improving retrievability of patents with cluster-based pseudo-relevance feedback documents selection.
Probabilistic models for topic learning from images and captions in online biomedical literatures.
Suffix trees for very large genomic sequences.
Translating relevance scores to probabilities for contextual advertising.
CloudDB workshop summary.
Personalized social search based on the user's social network.
ROSE: retail outlet site evaluation by learning with both sample and feature preference.
Boosting KNN text classification accuracy by using supervised term weighting schemes.
Towards non-directional Xpath evaluation in a RDBMS.
Scalable learning of collective behavior based on sparse social dimensions.
Adaptive geospatially focused crawling.
Efficient join processing on uncertain data streams.
The use of categorization information in language models for question retrieval.
Helping people to choose for whom to vote. a web information system for the 2009 European elections.
A study of selective collection enrichment for enterprise search.
VRIFA: a nonlinear SVM visualization tool using nomogram and localized radial basis function (LRBF) kernels.
Efficient information retrieval in mobile peer-to-peer networks.
Clustering web queries.
Pure spreading activation is pointless.
Automatic web data extraction using tree alignment.
Frequent subgraph pattern mining on uncertain graph data.
Online community search using thread structure.
SELC: a self-supervised model for sentiment classification.
HDDBrs middleware for implementing highly available distributed databases.
Exploit the tripartite network of social tagging for web clustering.
Event detection from flickr data through wavelet-based spatial analysis.
L2 norm regularized feature kernel regression for graph data.
Label correspondence learning for part-of-speech annotation transformation.
Effective and efficient structured retrieval.
A translation model for matching reviews to objects.
A scalable and effective full-text search in P2P networks.
A word clustering approach for language model-based sentence retrieval in question answering systems.
Compressing tags to find interesting media groups.
Towards real-time measurement of customer satisfaction using automatically generated call transcripts.
Graph-based seed selection for web-scale crawlers.
Context-sensitive document ranking.
Supervised semantic indexing.
iRANK: an interactive ranking framework and its application in query-focused summarization.
Language-model-based ranking for queries on RDF-graphs.
Multi-aspect opinion polling from textual reviews.
RSS watchdog: an instant event monitor on real online news streams.
A study of information retrieval on accumulative social descriptions using the generation features.
Privacy without noise.
Efficient processing of twig pattern matching in fuzzy XML.
MRM: an adaptive framework for XML searching.
Query by analogical example: relational search using web search engine indices.
Evaluating top-k queries over incomplete data streams.
A novel distributed P2P simulator architecture: D-P2P-sim.
Clustering queries for better document ranking.
Finding good feedback documents.
Collaborative resource discovery in social tagging systems.
Fast shortest path distance estimation in large networks.
Evaluation of methods for relative comparison of retrieval systems based on clickthroughs.
Learning to recommend questions based on user ratings.
Beyond hyperlinks: organizing information footprints in search logs to support effective browsing.
What happens after an ad click?: quantifying the impact of landing pages in web advertising.
Scalable indexing of RDF graphs for efficient join processing.
Interactive relevance feedback with graded relevance and sentence extraction: simulated user experiments.
Generating SQL/XML query and update statements.
Classification-based resource selection.
TSA'09 workshop summary: topic-sentiment analysis.
Clustering and exploring search results using timeline constructions.
What makes categories difficult to classify?: a study on predicting classification performance for categories.
LuposDate: a semantic web database system.
Improvements that don't add up: ad-hoc retrieval results since 1998.
A framework for semantic link discovery over relational data.
MagicCube: choosing the best snippet for each aspect of an entity.
Location cache for web queries.
Linear inclusion for XML regular expression types.
Answer typing for information retrieval.
Generating comparative summaries of contradictory opinions in text.
SOIRE: a service-oriented IR evaluation architecture.
A proactive personalised retrieval system.
A general markov framework for page importance computation.
Effective XML content and structure retrieval with relevance ranking.
iLoc: a framework for incremental location-state acquisition and prediction based on mobile sensors.
Demonstration of an RFID middleware: LIT ALE manager.
Learning document aboutness from implicit user feedback and document structure.
Efficient feature weighting methods for ranking.
Comparative document summarization via discriminative sentence selection.
A hybrid index structure for geo-textual searches.
Learning to rank from Bayesian decision inference.
Discovering matching dependencies.
Towards a universal wordnet by learning from combined evidence.
The effect of negation on sentiment analysis and retrieval effectiveness.
A risk minimization framework for domain adaptation.
Confucius and "its" intelligent disciples.
The impact of document structure on keyphrase extraction.
Smoothing document language model with local word graph.
Space-economical partial gram indices for exact substring matching.
Data extraction from the web using wild card queries.
Learning from past queries for resource selection.
Density-based clustering using graphics processors.
Graph classification based on pattern co-occurrence.
An improved feedback approach using relevant local posts for blog feed retrieval.
User interests in social media sites: an exploration with micro-blogs.
Improving search engines using human computation games.
A query language for analyzing networks.
Semi-nonnegative matrix factorization with global statistical consistency for collaborative filtering.
Named entity disambiguation by leveraging wikipedia semantic knowledge.
CAOFES: an ontological framework for web service retrieval.
Product feature categorization with multilevel latent semantic association.
A general magnitude-preserving boosting algorithm for search ranking.
Constrained multi-aspect expertise matching for committee review assignment.
Detecting topic evolution in scientific literature: how can citations help?
Utilizing inter-passage and inter-document similarities for re-ranking search results.
Robust record linkage blocking using suffix arrays.
Adaptive relevance feedback in information retrieval.
Topic analysis for topic-focused multi-document summarization.
Feature selection for ranking using boosted trees.
The influence of the document ranking in expert search.
Incident threading for news passages.
Time sequence summarization to scale up chronology-dependent applications.
Building domain-oriented sentiment lexicon by improved information bottleneck.
Extraction of a latent blog community based on subject.
Completing wikipedia's hyperlink structure through dimensionality reduction.
Multidimensional routing indices for efficient distributed query processing.
Multidimensional political spectrum identification and analysis.
Using negative voting to diversify answers in non-factoid question answering.
Efficient itemset generator discovery over a stream sliding window.
ASIC: algebra-based structural index comparison.
Blogger-centric contextual advertising.
Retrieval experiments using pseudo-desktop collections.
Injecting purpose and trust into data anonymisation.
A graphical browser for XML schema documents.
Efficient record-level wrapper induction.
OLAP with UDFs in digital libraries.
Low-cost management of inverted files for online full-text search.
Generating synopses for document-element search.
Reducing the risk of query expansion via robust constrained optimization.
Dynamic in-page logging for flash-aware B-tree index.
Exploiting query views for static index pruning in web search engines.
Intention-focused active reranking for image object retrieval.
Subspace maximum margin clustering.
Combining labeled and unlabeled data with word-class distribution learning.
Learning to rank with a novel kernel perceptron method.
Supporting ranking pattern-based aggregate queries in sequence data cubes.
Exploring path query results through relevance feedback.
Modeling context-dependent information.
Advanced metasearch engines.
Diverging patterns: discovering significant frequency change dissimilarities in large databases.
A framework for safely publishing communication traces.
Practical lessons of data mining at Yahoo!
Dissemination of heterogeneous XML data in publish/subscibe systems.
Terminology mining in social media.
Progressive skyline query evaluation and maintenance in wireless sensor networks.
Supporting context-based query in personal DataSpace.
iPoG: fast interactive proximity querying on graphs.
Interactive, topic-based visual text summarization and analysis.
Learning to rank using evolutionary computation: immune programming or genetic programming?
Computational community interest for ranking.
Expected reciprocal rank for graded relevance.
Text segmentation via topic modeling: an analytical study.
Mining data streams with periodically changing distributions.
RS-Wrapper: random write optimization for solid state drive.
A flexible simulation environment for flash-aware algorithms.
Learning better transliterations.
Characterizing and predicting search engine switching behavior.
Adaptive web mining of bilingual lexicons for cross language information retrieval.
Improving web page classification by label-propagation over click graphs.
An effective model of using negative relevance feedback for information filtering.
DB-IR integration and its application to a massively-parallel search engine.
Mining and ranking streams of news stories using cross-stream sequential patterns.
AnchorWoman: top-k structured mobile web search engine.
A system for detecting xml similarity in content and structure using relational database.
Joint sentiment/topic model for sentiment analysis.
Speeding Up Inference in Markov Logic Networks by Preprocessing to Reduce the Size of the Resulting Grounded Network.
FRACTAL: Efficient Fault Isolation Using Active Testing.
Nonmanipulable Selections from a Tournament.
Integrating Systematic and Local Search Paradigms: A New Strategy for MaxSAT.
Euclidean and Mereological Qualitative Spaces: A Study of SCC and DCC.
Spatial Processes for Recommender Systems.
Bootstrap Voting Experts.
Import-by-Query: Ontology Reasoning under Access Limitations.
Using Entropy to Distinguish Shape Versus Text in Hand-Drawn Diagrams.
Smart PCA.
Word Sense Disambiguation for All Words without Hard Labor.
Sensing and Predicting the Pulse of the City through Shared Bicycling.
How Pervasive Is the Myerson-Satterthwaite Impossibility?
Making Bound Consistency as Effective as Arc Consistency.
Past IJCAI Conferences.
Plan Recognition as Planning.
Thou Shalt Covet Thy Neighbor's Cake.
Multimode Control Attacks on Elections.
A Multivariate Complexity Analysis of Determining Possible Winners Given Incomplete Votes.
Compiling the Votes of a Subelectorate.
Variable and Value Ordering for MPE Search.
Maintaining Predictions over Time without a Model.
Efficient Online Learning and Prediction of Users' Desktop Actions.
Axiomatic Characterization of Task Oriented Negotiation.
Minimum Proof Graphs and Fastest-Cut-First Search Heuristics.
Generalised Fictitious Play for a Continuum of Anonymous Players.
Qualitative CSP, Finite CSP, and SAT: Comparing Methods for Qualitative Constraint-based Reasoning.
Stratified Planning.
Early Prediction on Time Series: A Nearest Neighbor Approach.
A Sparse Covariance Function for Exact Gaussian Process Inference in Large Datasets.
Ceteris Paribus Preference Elicitation with Predictive Guarantees.
Forgetting and Uniform Interpolation in Large-Scale Description Logic Terminologies.
Search Techniques for Fourier-Based Learning.
Learning Graphical Game Models.
IJCAI Organization.
Suggesting Email View Filters for Triage and Search.
Dynamic Selection of Ontological Alignments: A Space Reduction Mechanism.
On the Equivalence between Canonical Correlation Analysis and Orthonormalized Partial Least Squares.
A Soft Global Precedence Constraint.
On the Tip of My Thought: Playing the Guillotine Game.
HTN Planning with Preferences.
Towards Industrial-Like Random SAT Instances.
Exponential Family Hybrid Semi-Supervised Learning.
Equivalence Relations in Fully and Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes.
Events Colocated with IJCAI-09.
IJCAI-09 Sponsorship.
Web-Scale N-gram Models for Lexical Disambiguation.
Domain Adaptation via Transfer Component Analysis.
Multi-Relational Learning with Gaussian Processes.
Abnormal Activity Recognition Based on HDP-HMM Models.
Multiclass Probabilistic Kernel Discriminant Analysis.
A Symmetry Reduction Technique for Model Checking Temporal-Epistemic Logic.
Methodology for Designing Reasonably Expressive Mechanisms with Application to Ad Auctions.
Online Graph Planarisation for Synchronous Parsing of Semantic and Syntactic Dependencies.
Learning Hierarchical Task Networks for Nondeterministic Planning Domains.
Automated Theorem Proving for General Game Playing.
IJCAI-09 Conference Organization.
Machine Learning in Ecosystem Informatics and Sustainability.
Simple Coalitional Games with Beliefs.
Solving POMDPs: RTDP-Bel vs. Point-based Algorithms.
Efficient Skill Learning using Abstraction Selection.
Spatio-Temporal Event Detection Using Dynamic Conditional Random Fields.
Fast Active Tabu Search and its Application to Image Retrieval.
Temporal Planning in Domains with Linear Processes.
Bayesian Extreme Components Analysis.
Exploiting Background Knowledge to Build Reference Sets for Information Extraction.
A Logic for Reasoning about Counterfactual Emotions.
Efficient Inference for Expressive Comparative Preference Languages.
Algorithms and Complexity Results for Pursuit-Evasion Problems.
A Structural Approach to Reasoning with Quantified Boolean Formulas.
Knowledge Transfer on Hybrid Graph.
Charting the Tractability Frontier of Mixed Multi-Unit Combinatorial Auctions.
Conjunctive Query Answering in the Description Logic EL Using a Relational Database System.
Diagnosing Multiple Persistent and Intermittent Faults.
Symmetric Splitting in the General Theory of Stable Models.
Spectral Embedded Clustering.
A* Search with Inconsistent Heuristics.
Circumscriptive Event Calculus as Answer Set Programming.
Trees of Shortest Paths vs. Steiner Trees: Understanding and Improving Delete Relaxation Heuristics.
Predictive Projections.
Evaluating Strategies for Running from the Cops.
Graph Embedding with Constraints.
A Dichotomy Theorem on the Existence of Efficient or Neutral Sequential Voting Correspondences.
Activity Recognition: Linking Low-level Sensors to High-level Intelligence.
Using Web Photos for Measuring Video Frame Interestingness.
Next Steps in Propositional Horn Contraction.
Inverse Reinforcement Learning in Partially Observable Environments.
Semi-Supervised Classification Using Sparse Gaussian Process Regression.
A Semantical Account of Progression in the Presence of Defaults.
Detection of Imperative and Declarative Question-Answer Pairs in Email Conversations.
Testing Edges by Truncations.
Expressive Power-Based Resource Allocation for Data Centers.
M3IC: Maximum Margin Multiple Instance Clustering.
Dynamic Configuration of Agent Organizations.
Parameter Identification in a Class of Linear Structural Equation Models.
Semi-Supervised Learning of Visual Classifiers from Web Images and Text.
Minimal Module Extraction from DL-Lite Ontologies Using QBF Solvers.
Transfer Learning from Minimal Target Data by Mapping across Relational Domains.
Adaptive Cluster Ensemble Selection.
SATenstein: Automatically Building Local Search SAT Solvers from Components.
An Efficient Nonnegative Matrix Factorization Approach in Flexible Kernel Space.
Canadian Traveler Problem with Remote Sensing.
Optimal Symbolic Planning with Action Costs and Preferences.
Learning Optimal Subsets with Implicit User Preferences.
Multiscale Analysis of Document Corpora Based on Diffusion Models.
Effective Query Rewriting with Ontologies over DBoxes.
On the Complexity of Compact Coalitional Games.
Introspection and Adaptable Model Integration for Dialogue-based Question Answering.
Dialectical Abstract Argumentation: A Characterization of the Marking Criterion.
Solving Strong-Fault Diagnostic Models by Model Relaxation.
Situated Resolution and Generation of Spatial Referring Expressions for Robotic Assistants.
Incremental Heuristic Search for Planning with Temporally Extended Goals and Uncontrollable Events.
Representation and Synthesis of Melodic Expression.
A New Bayesian Approach to Multiple Intermittent Fault Diagnosis.
Regular Path Queries in Expressive Description Logics with Nominals.
Information-Lookahead Planning for AUV Mapping.
Tractable Multi-Agent Path Planning on Grid Maps.
Towards Con-Resistant Trust Models for Distributed Agent Systems.
Iterated Regret Minimization: A New Solution Concept.
Russian Doll Search with Tree Decomposition.
Exchanging Reputation Information between Communities: A Payment-Function Approach.
Improving Morphology Induction by Learning Spelling Rules.
UCT for Tactical Assault Planning in Real-Time Strategy Games.
Discriminative Semi-Supervised Feature Selection via Manifold Regularization.
On Solving Boolean Multilevel Optimization Problemse.
Multi-Way Number Partitioning.
Context-Sensitive Semantic Smoothing using Semantically Relatable Sequences.
DrosophilaGene Expression Pattern Annotation through Multi-Instance Multi-Label Learning.
DL-LITER in the Light of Propositional Logic for Decentralized Data Management.
Adversarial Uncertainty in Multi-Robot Patrol.
Efficient Abstraction and Refinement for Behavioral Description Based Web Service Composition.
Analysis of a Winning Computational Billiards Player.
Bayesian Real-Time Dynamic Programming.
Strategyproof Classification with Shared Inputs.
Reading Between the Lines.
Self-Managing Associative Memory for Dynamic Acquisition of Expertise in High-Level Domains.
On First-Order Definability and Computability of Progression for Local-Effect Actions and Beyond.
Speeding Up Exact Solutions of Interactive Dynamic Influence Diagrams Using Action Equivalence.
A Syntax-based Framework for Merging Imprecise Probabilistic Logic Programs.
Knowledge Driven Dimension Reduction for Clustering.
Declarative Programming of Search Problems with Built-in Arithmetic.
Variety Reasoning for Multiset Constraint Propagation.
Modeling Agents through Bounded Rationality Theories.
Incorporating User Behaviors in New Word Detection.
IJCAI-09 Keynote and Invited Speakers.
Nested Monte-Carlo Search.
Probabilistic State Translation in Extensive Games with Large Action Sets.
On the Accrual of Arguments in Defeasible Logic Programming.
Improving State Evaluation, Inference, and Search in Trick-Based Card Games.
Preference Aggregation over Restricted Ballot Languages: Sincerity and Strategy-Proofness.
Selecting Informative Universum Sample for Semi-Supervised Learning.
Interruptible Algorithms for Multi-Problem Solving.
Efficient Incremental Search for Moving Target Search.
Where Are the Really Hard Manipulation Problems? The Phase Transition in Manipulating the Veto Rule.
Decomposition of Declarative Knowledge Bases with External Functions.
Linear Dimensionality Reduction for Multi-label Classification.
Evaluating Description and Reference Strategies in a Cooperative Human-Robot Dialogue System.
On-line Evolutionary Exponential Family Mixture.
Active Policy Iteration: Efficient Exploration through Active Learning for Value Function Approximation in Reinforcement Learning.
Flexible Procurement of Services with Uncertain Durations using Redundancy.
Transfer Learning Using Task-Level Features with Application to Information Retrieval.
Semi-Supervised Metric Learning Using Pairwise Constraints.
Latent Variable Perceptron Algorithm for Structured Classification.
Efficient Computation of Jointree Bounds for Systematic MAP Search.
A Logic for Coalitions with Bounded Resources.
Complexity of Unweighted Coalitional Manipulation under Some Common Voting Rules.
Efficient Dominant Point Algorithms for the Multiple Longest Common Subsequence (MLCS) Problem.
Collaboration and Shared Plans in the Open World: Studies of Ridesharing.
Learning Kinematic Models for Articulated Objects.
Using Reasoning Patterns to Help Humans Solve Complex Games.
Semi-Supervised Classification on Evolutionary Data.
Semi-Supervised Regression for Evaluating Convenience Store Location.
Lifted Aggregation in Directed First-Order Probabilistic Models.
Generalized Cluster Aggregation.
Open Contractible Global Constraints.
CTPPL: A Continuous Time Probabilistic Programming Language.
Commitment Tracking via the Reactive Event Calculus.
Discovering Theorems in Game Theory: Two-Person Games with Unique Pure Nash Equilibrium Payoffs.
DCOPs Meet the Real World: Exploring Unknown Reward Matrices with Applications to Mobile Sensor Networks.
Probabilistic Models for Concurrent Chatting Activity Recognition.
ReTrASE: Integrating Paradigms for Approximate Probabilistic Planning.
Online Stochastic Optimization in the Large: Application to Kidney Exchange.
Set Branching in Constraint Optimization.
K-Swaps: Cooperative Negotiation for Solving Task-Allocation Problems.
Intelligent Tutoring Systems: New Challenges and Directions.
Locality Preserving Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
Probabilistic Counting with Randomized Storage.
Decentralised Coordination of Mobile Sensors Using the Max-Sum Algorithm.
Angluin-Style Learning of NFA.
Multi-Step Multi-Sensor Hider-Seeker Games.
Predicting Learnt Clauses Quality in Modern SAT Solvers.
Monte-Carlo Exploration for Deterministic Planning.
Activity Recognition with Intended Actions.
Collaborative Multi Agent Physical Search with Probabilistic Knowledge.
Toward Unsupervised Activity Discovery Using Multi-Dimensional Motif Detection in Time Series.
Circuit Complexity and Decompositions of Global Constraints.
Incremental Phi*: Incremental Any-Angle Path Planning on Grids.
Query Answering in Description Logics with Transitive Roles.
Answer-Set Programming with Bounded Treewidth.
Manifold Alignment without Correspondence.
A Unified Framework for Representation and Development of Dialectical Proof Procedures in Argumentation.
Streamlining Attacks on CAPTCHAs with a Computer Game.
Non-Metric Label Propagation.
Evaluating Abductive Hypotheses using an EM Algorithm on BDDs.
Learning the Optimal Neighborhood Kernel for Classification.
Solving Dynamic Constraint Satisfaction Problems by Identifying Stable Features.
Nonmyopic Adaptive Informative Path Planning for Multiple Robots.
AAAI Organization.
Coalition Structure Generation in Multi-Agent Systems with Positive and Negative Externalities.
Exponential Family Sparse Coding with Application to Self-taught Learning.
Relation Regularized Matrix Factorization.
Negotiation Using Logic Programming with Consistency Restoring Rules.
Strengthening Schedules through Uncertainty Analysis Agents.
Relational Random Forests Based on Random Relational Rules.
Goal Recognition with Variable-Order Markov Models.
Domain-Guided Novelty Detection for Autonomous Exploration.
Succinct Approximate Counting of Skewed Data.
Robust Distance Metric Learning with Auxiliary Knowledge.
A Context Driven Approach for Workflow Mining.
Self-Supervised Aerial Image Analysis for Extracting Parking Lot Structure.
Trading Off Solution Quality for Faster Computation in DCOP Search Algorithms.
Local Search: Is Brute-Force Avoidable?
Event-Detecting Multi-Agent MDPs: Complexity and Constant-Factor Approximations.
Preface.
Goal-Driven Learning in the GILA Integrated Intelligence Architecture.
An Argumentation-Based Interpreter for Golog Programs.
Is It Enough to Get the Behavior Right?
Generalized First Order Decision Diagrams for First Order Markov Decision Processes.
Coalitional Affinity Games and the Stability Gap.
Solving 8x8 Hex.
Cost-Optimal Planning with Landmarks.
On Combinations of Binary Qualitative Constraint Calculi.
Monte Carlo Tree Search Techniques in the Game of Kriegspiel.
A New d-DNNF-Based Bound Computation Algorithm for Functional E-MAJSAT.
Towards Context Aware Emotional Intelligence in Machines: Computing Contextual Appropriateness of Affective States.
Finite Local Consistency Characterizes Generalized Scoring Rules.
A Computational Model for the Alignment of Hierarchical Scene Representations in Human-Robot Interaction.
Eliciting Honest Reputation Feedback in a Markov Setting.
Which Semantics for Neighbourhood Semantics?
Learning Conditional Preference Networks with Queries.
Efficient Estimation of Influence Functions for SIS Model on Social Networks.
Planning Games.
Learning HTN Method Preconditions and Action Models from Partial Observations.
Preference Functions that Score Rankings and Maximum Likelihood Estimation.
A Multi-Agent Learning Approach to Online Distributed Resource Allocation.
Computing Equilibria in Multiplayer Stochastic Games of Imperfect Information.
Reasoning with Lines in the Euclidean Space.
Multiple Information Sources Cooperative Learning.
Combining Breadth-First and Depth-First Strategies in Searching for Treewidth.
A Visual Approach to Sketched Symbol Recognition.
Memory-Based Heuristics for Explicit State Spaces.
Explicit Versus Latent Concept Models for Cross-Language Information Retrieval.
Learning a Value Analysis Tool for Agent Evaluation.
A Fixed-Parameter Tractable Algorithm for Spatio-Temporal Calendar Management.
Human Activity Encoding and Recognition Using Low-level Visual Features.
Experiments with Massively Parallel Constraint Solving.
Argumentation System with Changes of an Agent's Knowledge Base.
Exploiting Decomposition on Constraint Problems with High Tree-Width.
A General Approach to Environment Design with One Agent.
Extending Decidable Cases for Rules with Existential Variables.
Computational Semantics of Noun Compounds in a Semantic Space Model.
How Experience of the Body Shapes Language about Space.
Preference Learning with Extreme Examples.
Contents.
A Distributed Control Loop for Autonomous Recovery in a Multi-Agent Plan.
Conditional Importance Networks: A Graphical Language for Representing Ordinal, Monotonic Preferences over Sets of Goods.
Search Strategies for an Anytime Usage of the Branch and Prune Algorithm.
Topic Tracking Model for Analyzing Consumer Purchase Behavior.
Translating HTNs to PDDL: A Small Amount of Domain Knowledge Can Go a Long Way.
New Improvements in Optimal Rectangle Packing.
Combining RCC-8 with Qualitative Direction Calculi: Algorithms and Complexity.
Sketching Techniques for Collaborative Filtering.
TBA*: Time-Bounded A*.
Decompositions of All Different, Global Cardinality and Related Constraints.
A Kernel Method for Market Clearing.
Learning Probabilistic Hierarchical Task Networks to Capture User Preferences.
Plausible Repairs for Inconsistent Requirements.
How Hard Is It to Control Sequential Elections via the Agenda?
Composition of ConGolog Programs.
Improving Search in Social Networks by Agent Based Mining.
Domain-Independent, Automatic Partitioning for Probabilistic Planning.
Labellings and Games for Extended Argumentation Frameworks.
A Characterisation of Strategy-Proofness for Grounded Argumentation Semantics.
Realising Deterministic Behavior from Multiple Non-Deterministic Behaviors.
Nominals for Everyone.
Consequence-Driven Reasoning for Horn SHIQ Ontologies.
Reasoning with Knowledge, Action and Time in Dynamic and Uncertain Domains.
Duplicate Avoidance in Depth-First Search with Applications to Treewidth.
Large Margin Boltzmann Machines.
Computational Properties of Resolution-based Grounded Semantics.
Repairing Preference-Based Argumentation Frameworks.
Investigations of Continual Computation.
Control-Based Clause Sharing in Parallel SAT Solving.
Wikispeedia: An Online Game for Inferring Semantic Distances between Concepts.
Towards Efficient Consistency Enforcement for Global Constraints in Weighted Constraint Satisfaction.
Bidirectional Answer Set Programs with Function Symbols.
Autonomously Learning an Action Hierarchy Using a Learned Qualitative State Representation.
Generalized Clustergrams for Overlapping Biclusters.
Interpreting Written How-To Instructions.
Structured Plans and Observation Reduction for Plans with Contexts.
On Multiple Kernel Learning with Multiple Labels.
Acquiring Agent-Based Models of Conflict from Event Data.
Ranking Structured Documents: A Large Margin Based Approach for Patent Prior Art Search.
Planning with Partial Preference Models.
Completeness and Optimality Preserving Reduction for Planning.
A Divide-and-Conquer Approach for Solving Interval Algebra Networks.
Knowledge-Based WSD and Specific Domains: Performing Better than Generic Supervised WSD.
Towards Ontology Learning from Folksonomies.
Defeasible Inclusions in Low-Complexity DLs: Preliminary Notes.
gRegress: Extracting Features from Graph Transactions for Regression.
The Complexity of Learning Separable ceteris paribus Preferences.
Graph-Based Multi-Modality Learning for Topic-Focused Multi-Document Summarization.
Greedy Algorithms for Sequential Sensing Decisions.
Context-Based Approach for Pivot Translation Services.
Knowing More - From Global to Local Correspondence.
Simultaneous Discovery of Conservation Laws and Hidden Particles with Smith Matrix Decomposition.
Model-based Revision Operators for Terminologies in Description Logics.
Local Learning Regularized Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
Boosting Constrained Mutual Subspace Method for Robust Image-Set Based Object Recognition.
Applications and Extensions of PTIME Description Logics with Functional Constraints.
Fast Recommendations using GAI Models.
Local Query Mining in a Probabilistic Prolog.
Multiobjective Optimization using GAI Models.
Can Movies and Books Collaborate? Cross-Domain Collaborative Filtering for Sparsity Reduction.
IJCAI-09 Awards and Distinguished Papers.
Knowledge Compilation Properties of Trees-of-BDDs, Revisited.
Large-Scale Taxonomy Mapping for Restructuring and Integrating Wikipedia.
Exploiting Multi-Modal Interactions: A Unified Framework.
Learning to Follow Navigational Route Instructions.
Unsupervised Rank Aggregation with Domain-Specific Expertise.
Spectral Kernel Learning for Semi-Supervised Classification.
A Translation-Based Approach to Contingent Planning.
A Tableaux-Based Method for Computing Least Common Subsumers for Expressive Description Logics.
Markov Network Based Ontology Matching.
Best-First Heuristic Search for Multi-Core Machines.
A Content-Based Method to Enhance Tag Recommendation.
Improving a Virtual Human Using a Model of Degrees of Grounding.
Streamed Learning: One-Pass SVMs.
Mixing Search Strategies for Multi-Player Games.
Multi-Class Classifiers and their Underlying Shared Structure.
Topological Order Planner for POMDPs.
Balancing Utility and Deal Probability for Auction-Based Negotiations in Highly Nonlinear Utility Spaces.
Delaying Commitment in Plan Recognition Using Combinatory Categorial Grammars.
Combining Speech and Sketch to Interpret Unconstrained Descriptions of Mechanical Devices.
Expanding Domain Sentiment Lexicon through Double Propagation.
Transductive Classification via Dual Regularization.
Efficient Pruning Schemes for Distance-Based Outlier Detection.
On Feature Selection, Bias-Variance, and Bagging.
Optimal Online Learning Procedures for Model-Free Policy Evaluation.
Universal Learning over Related Distributions and Adaptive Graph Transduction.
Bi-directional Joint Inference for Entity Resolution and Segmentation Using Imperatively-Defined Factor Graphs.
Enhanced Web Page Content Visualization with Firefox.
The Sensitivity of Latent Dirichlet Allocation for Information Retrieval.
Latent Dirichlet Allocation for Automatic Document Categorization.
Integrating Novel Class Detection with Classification for Concept-Drifting Data Streams.
Classifier Chains for Multi-label Classification.
Kernels for Periodic Time Series Arising in Astronomy.
Debt Detection in Social Security by Sequence Classification Using Both Positive and Negative Patterns.
ClusTR: Exploring Multivariate Cluster Correlations and Topic Trends.
Semi-Supervised Multi-Task Regression.
Subspace Regularization: A New Semi-supervised Learning Method.
Mining Databases to Mine Queries Faster.
Dynamic Factor Graphs for Time Series Modeling.
Neural Networks for State Evaluation in General Game Playing.
Variational Graph Embedding for Globally and Locally Consistent Feature Extraction.
Graph-Based Discrete Differential Geometry for Critical Instance Filtering.
TeleComVis: Exploring Temporal Communities in Telecom Networks.
Learning the Difference between Partially Observable Dynamical Systems.
A Flexible and Efficient Algorithm for Regularized Fisher Discriminant Analysis.
K-Subspace Clustering.
On Discriminative Parameter Learning of Bayesian Network Classifiers.
Dependency Tree Kernels for Relation Extraction from Natural Language Text.
MACs: Multi-Attribute Co-clusters with High Correlation Information.
Heteroscedastic Probabilistic Linear Discriminant Analysis with Semi-supervised Extension.
Identifying the Original Contribution of a Document via Language Modeling.
Found in Translation.
Compositional Models for Reinforcement Learning.
A Fast Ensemble Pruning Algorithm Based on Pattern Mining Process.
The Growing Semantic Web.
Non-redundant Subgroup Discovery Using a Closure System.
Feature Selection by Transfer Learning with Linear Regularized Models.
Applying Electromagnetic Field Theory Concepts to Clustering with Constraints.
Sparse Kernel SVMs via Cutting-Plane Training.
Feature Selection for Value Function Approximation Using Bayesian Model Selection.
Privacy in Web Search Query Log Mining.
Hybrid Least-Squares Algorithms for Approximate Policy Evaluation.
Learning Multi-linear Representations of Distributions for Efficient Inference.
Feature Selection for Density Level-Sets.
Efficient Sample Reuse in EM-Based Policy Search.
Binary Decomposition Methods for Multipartite Ranking.
Minimum Free Energy Principle for Constraint-Based Learning Bayesian Networks.
Inference and Validation of Networks.
Highly Multilingual News Analysis Applications.
Two-Way Analysis of High-Dimensional Collinear Data.
Evaluation Measures for Multi-class Subgroup Discovery.
Theory-Practice Interplay in Machine Learning - Emerging Theoretical Challenges.
Combining Instance-Based Learning and Logistic Regression for Multilabel Classification.
Margin and Radius Based Multiple Kernel Learning.
RTG: A Recursive Realistic Graph Generator Using Random Typing.
A Condensed Representation of Itemsets for Analyzing Their Evolution over Time.
Kernel-Based Copula Processes.
Syntactic Structural Kernels for Natural Language Interfaces to Databases.
A Generalization of Forward-Backward Algorithm.
Mining Graph Evolution Rules.
Identifying the Components.
One Graph Is Worth a Thousand Logs: Uncovering Hidden Structures in Massive System Event Logs.
Multi-task Feature Selection Using the Multiple Inclusion Criterion (MIC).
On Structured Output Training: Hard Cases and an Efficient Alternative.
A Self-training Approach to Cost Sensitive Uncertainty Sampling.
Efficient Multi-start Strategies for Local Search Algorithms.
Feature Weighting Using Margin and Radius Based Error Bound Optimization in SVMs.
Empirical Study of Relational Learning Algorithms in the Phase Transition Framework.
Integrating Logical Reasoning and Probabilistic Chain Graphs.
Within-Network Classification Using Local Structure Similarity.
Learning Preferences with Hidden Common Cause Relations.
Cost-Sensitive Learning Based on Bregman Divergences.
Harnessing the Strengths of Anytime Algorithms for Constant Data Streams.
An l1 Regularization Framework for Optimal Rule Combination.
Parallel Subspace Sampling for Particle Filtering in Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
Leveraging Higher Order Dependencies between Features for Text Classification.
Parameter-Free Hierarchical Co-clustering by n-Ary Splits.
On Subgroup Discovery in Numerical Domains.
A Matrix Factorization Approach for Integrating Multiple Data Views.
Considering Unseen States as Impossible in Factored Reinforcement Learning.
Max-Margin Weight Learning for Markov Logic Networks.
Relevance Grounding for Planning in Relational Domains.
PLSI: The True Fisher Kernel and beyond.
Stable and Accurate Feature Selection.
Soft Margin Trees.
Active and Semi-supervised Data Domain Description.
Adaptive XML Tree Classification on Evolving Data Streams.
A Generic Approach to Topic Models.
Mining Peculiar Compositions of Frequent Substrings from Sparse Text Data Using Background Texts.
Communication-Efficient Classification in P2P Networks.
Are We There Yet?.
Conference Mining via Generalized Topic Modeling.
Topic Significance Ranking of LDA Generative Models.
Taxonomy-Driven Lumping for Sequence Mining.
Semi-supervised Document Clustering with Simultaneous Text Representation and Categorization.
Kernel Polytope Faces Pursuit.
Causality Discovery with Additive Disturbances: An Information-Theoretical Perspective.
Capacity Control for Partially Ordered Feature Sets.
Mining Spatial Co-location Patterns with Dynamic Neighborhood Constraint.
Efficient Decoding of Ternary Error-Correcting Output Codes for Multiclass Classification.
Decomposition Algorithms for Training Large-Scale Semiparametric Support Vector Machines.
Enhancing the Performance of Centroid Classifier by ECOC and Model Refinement.
Latent Dirichlet Bayesian Co-Clustering.
Relaxed Transfer of Different Classes via Spectral Partition.
Active Learning for Reward Estimation in Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
Omiotis: A Thesaurus-Based Measure of Text Relatedness.
The Model of Most Informative Patterns and Its Application to Knowledge Extraction from Graph Databases.
Semi-automatic Categorization of Videos on VideoLectures.net.
OTTHO: On the Tip of My THOught.
Visual OntoBridge: Semi-automatic Semantic Annotation Software.
Reconstructing Data Perturbed by Random Projections When the Mixing Matrix Is Known.
The Feature Importance Ranking Measure.
Discovering Patterns in Flows: A Privacy Preserving Approach with the ACSM Prototype.
New Regularized Algorithms for Transductive Learning.
Boosting Active Learning to Optimality: A Tractable Monte-Carlo, Billiard-Based Algorithm.
Protein Identification from Tandem Mass Spectra with Probabilistic Language Modeling.
Learning to Disambiguate Search Queries from Short Sessions.
A Community-Based Platform for Machine Learning Experimentation.
Using Temporal Language Models for Document Dating.
A Convex Method for Locating Regions of Interest with Multi-instance Learning.
Statistical Relational Learning with Formal Ontologies.
Simulated Iterative Classification A New Learning Procedure for Graph Labeling.
Protecting Sensitive Topics in Text Documents with PROTEXTOR.
Recognizing realistic actions from videos .
Stereographic rectification of omnidirectional stereo pairs.
Shape priors and discrete MRFs for knowledge-based segmentation.
Coupled Spectral Regression for matching heterogeneous faces.
Active stereo tracking of multiple free-moving targets.
Marked point processes for crowd counting.
Facial deblur inference to improve recognition of blurred fFaces.
Variational layered dynamic textures.
Resolution-Invariant Image Representation and its applications.
Discrete tracking of parametrized curves.
Shared Kernel Information Embedding for discriminative inference.
Symmetric two dimensional linear discriminant analysis (2DLDA).
An empirical Bayes approach to contextual region classification.
A robust parametric method for bias field estimation and segmentation of MR images.
Volterrafaces: Discriminant analysis using Volterra kernels.
Capturing multiple illumination conditions using time and color multiplexing.
Higher-order clique reduction in binary graph cut.
Abnormal crowd behavior detection using social force model.
Reducing JointBoost-based multiclass classification to proximity search.
Regularized multi-class semi-supervised boosting.
Linear embeddings in non-rigid structure from motion.
Depth from sliding projections.
Stacks of convolutional Restricted Boltzmann Machines for shift-invariant feature learning.
Recognizing linked events: Searching the space of feasible explanations.
Bundling features for large scale partial-duplicate web image search.
HOP: Hierarchical object parsing.
Classification of tensors and fiber tracts using Mercer-kernels encoding soft probabilistic spatial and diffusion information.
Learning to detect unseen object classes by between-class attribute transfer.
Efficient image alignment using linear appearance models.
Contextualizing histogram.
Learning shape prior models for object matching.
Robust unsupervised segmentation of degraded document images with topic models.
Motion capture using joint skeleton tracking and surface estimation.
Nonparametric scene parsing: Label transfer via dense scene alignment.
Learning partially-observed hidden conditional random fields for facial expression recognition.
Large displacement optical flow.
A unified active and semi-supervised learning framework for image compression.
Learning invariant features through topographic filter maps.
Vocabulary hierarchy optimization for effective and transferable retrieval.
Fast normalized cut with linear constraints.
Sparse subspace clustering.
Building a database of 3D scenes from user annotations.
Enhanced Pictorial Structures for precise eye localization under incontrolled conditions.
Relighting objects from image collections.
Increased discrimination in level set methods with embedded conditional random fields.
Continuous maximal flows and Wulff shapes: Application to MRFs.
An empirical study of context in object detection.
Observable subspaces for 3D human motion recovery.
Multi-label sparse coding for automatic image annotation.
Picking the best DAISY.
A similarity measure between vector sequences with application to handwritten word image retrieval.
Disambiguating the recognition of 3D objects.
Optimization of landmark selection for cortical surface registration.
Single image haze removal using dark channel prior.
Learning photometric invariance from diversified color model ensembles.
SIFT-Rank: Ordinal description for invariant feature correspondence.
Active learning for large multi-class problems.
Combining powerful local and global statistics for texture description.
3D pose estimation and segmentation using specular cues.
Textural Hausdorff Distance for wider-range tolerance to pose variation and misalignment in 2D face recognition.
Moving cast shadow detection using physics-based features.
Error propagations for local bundle adjustment.
Understanding and evaluating blind deconvolution algorithms.
Unsupervised learning of hierarchical spatial structures in images.
Structured output-associative regression.
A multiscale hybrid model exploiting heterogeneous contextual relationships for image segmentation.
Geometric and probabilistic image dissimilarity measures for common field of view detection.
Image registration by minimization of residual complexity.
Understanding videos, constructing plots learning a visually grounded storyline model from annotated videos.
Learning to track with multiple observers.
Visual tracking via geometric particle filtering on the affine group with optimal importance functions.
Learning signs from subtitles: A weakly supervised approach to sign language recognition.
Material classification using BRDF slices.
Automated extraction of signs from continuous sign language sentences using Iterated Conditional Modes.
Human motion synthesis from 3D video.
A distribution-based approach to tracking points in velocity vector fields.
Multi-view 3D human pose estimation combining single-frame recovery, temporal integration and model adaptation.
Face verification and identification using Facial Trait Code.
A projector-based movable hand-held display system.
Stereo matching with nonparametric smoothness priors in feature space.
Visibility constraints on features of 3D objects.
Saliency-based discriminant tracking.
CHoG: Compressed histogram of gradients A low bit-rate feature descriptor.
Discriminative structure learning of hierarchical representations for object detection.
Discriminatively trained particle filters for complex multi-object tracking.
Learning sign language by watching TV (using weakly aligned subtitles).
Efficient multi-label classification with hypergraph regularization.
Pose estimation for category specific multiview object localization.
Automatic facial landmark labeling with minimal supervision.
Learning a distance metric from multi-instance multi-label data.
A projective framework for radiometric image analysis.
Contextual classification with functional Max-Margin Markov Networks.
Contextual restoration of severely degraded document images.
Curvature and singularity driven diffusion for oriented pattern enhancement with singular points.
(De) focusing on global light transport for active scene recovery.
A revisit of Generative Model for Automatic Image Annotation using Markov Random Fields.
Tubular anisotropy for 2D vessel segmentation.
Object detection using a max-margin Hough transform.
Intrinsic mean shift for clustering on Stiefel and Grassmann manifolds.
Vanishing point detection for road detection.
A nonparametric Riemannian framework for processing high angular resolution diffusion images (HARDI).
Compensation of motion artifacts in MRI via graph-based optimization.
Markov Chain Monte Carlo combined with deterministic methods for Markov random field optimization.
Real-time learning of accurate patch rectification.
Unsupervised feature optimization (UFO): Simultaneous selection of multiple features with their detection parameters.
Continuous ratio optimization via convex relaxation with applications to multiview 3D reconstruction.
Optimal single image capture for motion deblurring.
Efficiently training a better visual detector with sparse eigenvectors.
A graph-based approach to skin mole matching incorporating template-normalized coordinates.
Manhattan-world stereo.
A family of contextual measures of similarity between distributions with application to image retrieval.
Bias reduction for stereo based motion estimation with applications to large scale visual odometry.
In defense of orthonormality constraints for nonrigid structure from motion.
On the burstiness of visual elements.
Surface feature detection and description with applications to mesh matching.
From structure-from-motion point clouds to fast location recognition.
Interval HSV: Extracting ink annotations.
Learning general optical flow subspaces for egomotion estimation and detection of motion anomalies.
Visual tracking with online Multiple Instance Learning.
Multi-camera activity correlation analysis.
Robust multi-class transductive learning with graphs.
Dictionary-free categorization of very similar objects via stacked evidence trees.
Fast concurrent object localization and recognition.
Human age estimation using bio-inspired features.
D - Clutter: Building object model library from unsupervised segmentation of cluttered scenes.
Let the kernel figure it out; Principled learning of pre-processing for kernel classifiers.
Switching Gaussian Process Dynamic Models for simultaneous composite motion tracking and recognition.
A streaming framework for seamless building reconstruction from large-scale aerial LiDAR data.
Robust guidewire tracking in fluoroscopy.
Nonlinear Nonnegative Component Analysis.
Retrographic sensing for the measurement of surface texture and shape.
Modeling images as mixtures of reference images.
A stereo approach that handles the matting problem via image warping.
Layered graph matching by composite cluster sampling with collaborative and competitive interactions.
What is the spatial extent of an object?.
Learning from ambiguously labeled images.
Adaptive Contour Features in oriented granular space for human detection and segmentation.
ImageNet: A large-scale hierarchical image database.
Pose estimation with radial distortion and unknown focal length.
Continuous depth estimation for multi-view stereo.
Learning rotational features for filament detection.
Recovering specular surfaces using curved line images.
Understanding images of groups of people.
A collaborative benchmark for region of interest detection algorithms.
Towards a practical face recognition system: Robust registration and illumination by sparse representation.
From contours to regions: An empirical evaluation.
Dense 3D motion capture for human faces.
Shape comparison using perturbing shape registration.
Piecewise planar city 3D modeling from street view panoramic sequences.
LidarBoost: Depth superresolution for ToF 3D shape scanning.
Support Vector Machines in face recognition with occlusions.
Joint and implicit registration for face recognition.
Anomaly detection in extremely crowded scenes using spatio-temporal motion pattern models.
Describing objects by their attributes.
Nonrigid registration combining global and local statistics.
Mutual information-based stereo matching combined with SIFT descriptor in log-chromaticity color space.
Epitomized priors for multi-labeling problems.
How far can you get with a modern face recognition test set using only simple features?.
Multiple view image denoising.
Image deblurring for less intrusive iris capture.
Keypoint induced distance profiles for visual recognition.
Trajectory reconstruction for affine structure-from-motion by global and local constraints.
Harris corners in the real world: A principled selection criterion for interest points based on ecological statistics.
New appearance models for natural image matting.
The geometry of 2D image signals.
Image deblurring and denoising using color priors.
Recognizing indoor scenes.
Contextual decomposition of multi-label images.
Illumination and spatially varying specular reflectance from a single view.
High-quality curvelet-based motion deblurring from an image pair.
Global connectivity potentials for random field models.
Linear spatial pyramid matching using sparse coding for image classification.
Learning optimized MAP estimates in continuously-valued MRF models.
Catadioptric projectors.
Tracking of a non-rigid object via patch-based dynamic appearance modeling and adaptive Basin Hopping Monte Carlo sampling.
Digital face makeup by example.
Predicting high resolution image edges with a generic, adaptive, 3-D vehicle model.
Optimal scanning for faster object detection.
Non-rigid 2D-3D pose estimation and 2D image segmentation.
On edge detection on surfaces.
Projective least-squares: Global solutions with local optimization.
Beyond the graphs: Semi-parametric semi-supervised discriminant analysis.
Noninvasive volumetric imaging of cardiac electrophysiology.
Random walks on graphs to model saliency in images.
Learning trajectory patterns by clustering: Experimental studies and comparative evaluation.
Isometric registration of ambiguous and partial data.
Stereo matching in the presence of sub-pixel calibration errors.
Manifold Discriminant Analysis.
Image hallucination with feature enhancement.
Cooperative mapping of multiple PTZ cameras in automated surveillance systems.
Robust object detection using marginal space learning and ranking-based multi-detector aggregation: Application to left ventricle detection in 2D MRI images.
Label diagnosis through self tuning forweb image search.
Learning to associate: HybridBoosted multi-target tracker for crowded scene.
Granularity-tunable gradients partition (GGP) descriptors for human detection.
Fuzzy-Cuts: A knowledge-driven graph-based method for medical image segmentation.
Extraction of tubular structures over an orientation domain.
Joint depth and alpha matte optimization via fusion of stereo and time-of-flight sensor.
Class-specific Hough forests for object detection.
Super-resolution via recapture and Bayesian effect modeling.
Distributed volumetric scene geometry reconstruction with a network of distributed smart cameras.
Learning visual flows: A Lie algebraic approach.
Enforcing integrability by error correction using l1-minimization.
Directed assistance for ink-bleed reduction in old documents.
Maximizing intra-individual correlations for face recognition across pose differences.
Constrained clustering via spectral regularization.
A minimal parameterization of the trifocal tensor.
Ensemble manifold regularization.
Locally time-invariant models of human activities using trajectories on the grassmannian.
Learning similarity measure for multi-modal 3D image registration.
A tensor-based algorithm for high-order graph matching.
Automatic reconstruction of cities from remote sensor data.
Max-margin hidden conditional random fields for human action recognition.
Physics-based edge evaluation for improved color constancy.
Dense saliency-based spatiotemporal feature points for action recognition.
Linear solution to scale and rotation invariant object matching.
Learning color and locality cues for moving object detection and segmentation.
Learning query-dependent prefilters for scalable image retrieval.
Automatic fetal face detection from ultrasound volumes via learning 3D and 2D information.
Expression-insensitive 3D face recognition using sparse representation.
Towards high-resolution large-scale multi-view stereo.
High dynamic range image reconstruction from hand-held cameras.
Multiphase geometric couplings for the segmentation of neural processes.
Robustifying eye center localization by head pose cues.
Pedestrian detection: A benchmark.
Implicit elastic matching with random projections for pose-variant face recognition.
Active volume models for 3D medical image segmentation.
Convexity and Bayesian constrained local models.
Removing partial blur in a single image.
Vanishing points estimation by self-similarity.
Localized content-based image retrieval through evidence region identification.
Imbalanced RankBoost for efficiently ranking large-scale image/video collections.
Frequency-tuned salient region detection.
Beyond pairwise energies: Efficient optimization for higher-order MRFs.
A unified model of specular and diffuse reflectance for rough, glossy surfaces.
Holistic context modeling using semantic co-occurrences.
Geometric min-Hashing: Finding a (thick) needle in a haystack.
Multiplicative nonnegative greph embedding.
Distributed multi-target tracking in a self-configuring camera network.
Towards geographical referencing of monocular SLAM reconstruction using 3D city models: Application to real-time accurate vision-based localization.
Unsupervised Maximum Margin Feature Selection with manifold regularization.
View-invariant dynamic texture recognition using a bag of dynamical systems.
What's it going to cost you?: Predicting effort vs. informativeness for multi-label image annotations.
Rank priors for continuous non-linear dimensionality reduction.
Shape-based object recognition in videos using 3D synthetic object models.
P-brush: Continuous valued MRFs with normed pairwise distributions for image segmentation.
Color estimation from a single surface color.
A multi-view probabilistic model for 3D object classes.
Shape of Gaussians as feature descriptors.
Real-time O(1) bilateral filtering.
Towards total scene understanding: Classification, annotation and segmentation in an automatic framework.
Shape band: A deformable object detection approach.
Constrained marginal space learning for efficient 3D anatomical structure detection in medical images.
Polarization: Beneficial for visibility enhancement?.
An instance selection approach to Multiple instance Learning.
Alphabet SOUP: A framework for approximate energy minimization.
Nonnegative Matrix Factorization with Earth Mover's Distance metric.
"Who are you?" - Learning person specific classifiers from video.
Learning semantic visual vocabularies using diffusion distance.
Spatiotemporal stereo via spatiotemporal quadric element (stequel) matching.
Adaptive image and video retargeting technique based on Fourier analysis.
Stel component analysis: Modeling spatial correlations in image class structure.
Fast car detection using image strip features.
Fast human detection in crowded scenes by contour integration and local shape estimation.
Boosted multi-task learning for face verification with applications to web image and video search.
Distance transform templates for object detection and pose estimation.
Fast multiple shape correspondence by pre-organizing shape instances.
A 3D reconstruction pipeline for digital preservation.
Shape discovery from unlabeled image collections.
Pictorial structures revisited: People detection and articulated pose estimation.
Sigma Set: A small second order statistical region descriptor.
Echocardiogram view classification using edge filtered scale-invariant motion features.
Recognition using regions.
Memory-based Particle Filter for face pose tracking robust under complex dynamics.
A min-max framework of cascaded classifier with multiple instance learning for computer aided diagnosis.
Efficient algorithms for subwindow search in object detection and localization.
A projector-camera setup for geometry-invariant frequency demultiplexing.
Nonrigid shape recovery by Gaussian process regression.
Half-integrality based algorithms for cosegmentation of images.
Automatic registration of LIDAR and optical images of urban scenes.
Single-image optical center estimation from vignetting and tangential gradient symmetry.
Contextual flow.
Photometric stereo and weather estimation using internet images.
An implicit Markov random field model for the multi-scale oriented representations of natural images.
Physiological face recognition is coming of age.
Minimizing sparse higher order energy functions of discrete variables.
Learning multi-modal densities on Discriminative Temporal Interaction Manifold for group activity recognition.
Tour the world: Building a web-scale landmark recognition engine.
Fourier analysis and Gabor filtering for texture analysis and local reconstruction of general shapes.
Randomized structure from motion based on atomic 3D models from camera triplets.
Stochastic gradient kernel density mode-seeking.
Learning semantic scene models by object classification and trajectory clustering.
Appearance-based keypoint clustering.
A perceptually motivated online benchmark for image matting.
On the set of images modulo viewpoint and contrast changes.
Building text features for object image classification.
A compressive sensing approach for expression-invariant face recognition.
Linear stratified approach for 3D modelling and calibration using full geometric constraints.
On bias correction for geometric parameter estimation in computer vision.
Efficient scale space auto-context for image segmentation and labeling.
Early spatiotemporal grouping with a distributed oriented energy representation.
Co-training with noisy perceptual observations.
Shape analysis with conformal invariants for multiply connected domains and its application to analyzing brain morphology.
Dual distributions of multilinear geometric entities.
Learning mappings for face synthesis from near infrared to visual light images.
Actions in context.
Automated feature extraction for early detection of diabetic retinopathy in fundus images.
Image categorization with spatial mismatch kernels.
Markerless Motion Capture with unsynchronized moving cameras.
Fast Mean Shift by compact density representation.
Efficient representation of local geometry for large scale object retrieval.
On compositional Image Alignment, with an application to Active Appearance Models.
Discriminative subvolume search for efficient action detection.
Geometric reasoning for single image structure recovery.
Shape constrained figure-ground segmentation and tracking.
Recognizing human group activities with localized causalities.
Unsupervised learning for graph matching.
Efficient planar graph cuts with applications in Computer Vision.
Curved glide-reflection symmetry detection.
Hierarchical spatio-temporal context modeling for action recognition.
Cancelable iris biometrics and using Error Correcting Codes to reduce variability in biometric data.
Shape classification through structured learning of matching measures.
Coded exposure deblurring: Optimized codes for PSF estimation and invertibility.
Recognition of repetitive sequential human activity.
Dimension-free affine shape matching through subspace invariance.
A robust shape model for multi-view car alignment.
Global optimization for alignment of generalized shapes.
Image categorization by learning with context and consistency.
Learning IMED via shift-invariant transformation.
A robust approach for automatic registration of aerial images with untextured aerial LiDAR data.
Histograms of oriented optical flow and Binet-Cauchy kernels on nonlinear dynamical systems for the recognition of human actions.
Factorization for non-rigid and articulated structure using metric projections.
Pose search: Retrieving people using their pose.
Monitoring, recognizing and discovering social networks.
Multiple instance fFeature for robust part-based object detection.
Recognising action as clouds of space-time interest points.
Hardware-efficient belief propagation.
Shape evolution for rigid and nonrigid shape registration and recovery.
Abnormal events detection based on spatio-temporal co-occurences.
Motion pattern interpretation and detection for tracking moving vehicles in airborne video.
Trajectory parsing by cluster sampling in spatio-temporal graph.
Locally constrained diffusion process on locally densified distance spaces with applications to shape retrieval.
Visual loop closing using multi-resolution SIFT grids in metric-topological SLAM.
Classifier grids for robust adaptive object detection.
Average of Synthetic Exact Filters.
Real-time vehicle detection for highway driving.
Wavelet energy map: A robust support for multi-modal registration of medical images.
Uncalibrated synthetic aperture for defocus control.
Angular embedding: From jarring intensity differences to perceived luminance.
SURFTrac: Efficient tracking and continuous object recognition using local feature descriptors.
Symmetry integrated region-based image segmentation.
What is a camera?
Multi-class active learning for image classification.
Efficient reduction of L-infinity geometry problems.
3D morphable face models revisited.
Histogram-based interest point detectors.
Robust shadow and illumination estimation using a mixture model.
A convex relaxation approach for computing minimal partitions.
Multi-cue onboard pedestrian detection.
A novel feature descriptor invariant to complex brightness changes.
StaRSaC: Stable random sample consensus for parameter estimation.
Learning mixed templates for object recognition.
Simultaneous image classification and annotation.
Planar orientation from blur gradients in a single image.
An efficient stochastic approach to groupwise non-rigid image registration.
Domain Transfer SVM for video concept detection.
Topology dictionary with Markov model for 3D video content-based skimming and description.
Multi-object tracking through occlusions by local tracklets filtering and global tracklets association with detection responses.
Similarity metrics and efficient optimization for simultaneous registration.
Learning based automatic face annotation for arbitrary poses and expressions from frontal images only.
Reconstructing sharply folding surfaces: A convex formulation.
Efficient Kernels for identifying unbounded-order spatial features.
Capturing 3D stretchable surfaces from single images in closed form.
Blind motion deblurring from a single image using sparse approximation.
VideoTrek: A vision system for a tag-along robot.
Video object segmentation by hypergraph cut.
Observe locally, infer globally: A space-time MRF for detecting abnormal activities with incremental updates.
Nonparametric discriminant HMM and application to facial expression recognition.
Global active contour-based image segmentation via probability alignment.
Flow mosaicking: Real-time pedestrian counting without scene-specific learning.
Learning real-time MRF inference for image denoising.
Blind separation of superimposed images with unknown motions.
3D reconstruction of curved objects from single 2D line drawings.
Execution Anomaly Detection in Distributed Systems through Unstructured Log Analysis.
Combining Super-Structuring and Abstraction on Sequence Classification.
Discovering Organizational Structure in Dynamic Social Network.
Topic Modeling for Sequences of Temporal Activities.
Vague One-Class Learning for Data Streams.
VIF Regression: A Fast Regression Algorithm for Large Data.
Accelerated Gradient Method for Multi-task Sparse Learning Problem.
P-packSVM: Parallel Primal grAdient desCent Kernel SVM.
Modeling Syntactic Structures of Topics with a Nested HMM-LDA.
Analysis of Subsequence Time-Series Clustering Based on Moving Average.
Finding Maximal Fully-Correlated Itemsets in Large Databases.
To Trust or Not to Trust? Predicting Online Trusts Using Trust Antecedent Framework.
Active Learning with Adaptive Heterogeneous Ensembles.
CoCoST: A Computational Cost Efficient Classifier.
Promoting Total Efficiency in Text Clustering via Iterative and Interactive Metric Learning.
Aspect Guided Text Categorization with Unobserved Labels.
Clustering Trajectories of Moving Objects in an Uncertain World.
Audio Classification of Bird Species: A Statistical Manifold Approach.
Multirelational Topic Models.
A Sparsification Approach for Temporal Graphical Model Decomposition.
Uncoverning Groups via Heterogeneous Interaction Analysis.
Peculiarity Analysis for Classifications.
Extending Semi-supervised Learning Methods for Inductive Transfer Learning.
A New Kernel-Based Classification Algorithm.
Argumentation Based Constraint Acquisition.
Fine-Grain Perturbation for Privacy Preserving Data Publishing.
Outlier Detection Using Inductive Logic Programming.
Improving SVM Classification on Imbalanced Data Sets in Distance Spaces.
Maximum Margin Clustering with Multivariate Loss Function.
Hierarchical Bayesian Models for Collaborative Tagging Systems.
Cross-Guided Clustering: Transfer of Relevant Supervision across Domains for Improved Clustering.
Mining Peculiarity Groups in Day-by-Day Behavioral Datasets.
Beyond Banditron: A Conservative and Efficient Reduction for Online Multiclass Prediction with Bandit Setting Model.
PEGASUS: A Peta-Scale Graph Mining System.
Multi-document Summarization by Information Distance.
Knowledge Discovery from Citation Networks.
Scalable Classification in Large Scale Spatiotemporal Domains Applied to Voltage-Sensitive Dye Imaging.
Significance of Episodes Based on Minimal Windows.
Naive Bayes Classification of Uncertain Data.
Dirichlet Mixture Allocation for Multiclass Document Collections Modeling.
Semi-Markov kMeans Clustering and Activity Recognition from Body-Worn Sensors.
Discovering Excitatory Networks from Discrete Event Streams with Applications to Neuronal Spike Train Analysis.
A Bootstrap Approach to Eigenvalue Correction.
GSML: A Unified Framework for Sparse Metric Learning.
A Framework for Computing the Privacy Scores of Users in Online Social Networks.
Accurate Estimation of the Degree Distribution of Private Networks.
Regression Learning Vector Quantization.
Joint Emotion-Topic Modeling for Social Affective Text Mining.
Scalable Algorithms for Distribution Search.
A Local Scalable Distributed Expectation Maximization Algorithm for Large Peer-to-Peer Networks.
On the (In)Security and (Im)Practicality of Outsourcing Precise Association Rule Mining.
Mining Data Streams with Labeled and Unlabeled Training Examples.
A Global-Model Naive Bayes Approach to the Hierarchical Prediction of Protein Functions.
?-Anomica: A Fast Support Vector Based Novelty Detection Technique.
Active Learning with Generalized Queries.
A New Clustering Algorithm Based on Regions of Influence with Self-Detection of the Best Number of Clusters.
Conditional Models for Non-smooth Ranking Loss Functions.
Effective Anomaly Detection in Sensor Networks Data Streams.
Automatically Extracting Dialog Models from Conversation Transcripts.
Sparse Norm-Regularized Reconstructive Coefficients Learning.
Unsupervised Relation Extraction by Massive Clustering.
Projective Clustering Ensembles.
Self-Adaptive Anytime Stream Clustering.
Unsupervised Class Separation of Multivariate Data through Cumulative Variance-Based Ranking.
Efficient Discovery of Confounders in Large Data Sets.
A Deep Non-linear Feature Mapping for Large-Margin kNN Classification.
Algorithms for Large, Sparse Network Alignment Problems.
A Linear-Time Graph Kernel.
Efficient Algorithm for Computing Link-Based Similarity in Real World Networks.
A Cost-Effective LSH Filter for Fast Pairwise Mining.
Spatio-temporal Energy Based Gait Recognition.
Active Selection of Sensor Sites in Remote Sensing Applications.
Finding Associations and Computing Similarity via Biased Pair Sampling.
Online and Batch Learning of Generalized Cosine Similarities.
Filtering and Refinement: A Two-Stage Approach for Efficient and Effective Anomaly Detection.
Online System Problem Detection by Mining Patterns of Console Logs.
Hierarchical Probabilistic Segmentation of Discrete Events.
Unified Solution to Nonnegative Data Factorization Problems.
GRAPE: A Graph-Based Framework for Disambiguating People Appearances in Web Search.
Inverse Time Dependency in Convex Regularized Learning.
Learning Local Components to Understand Large Bayesian Networks.
Least Square Incremental Linear Discriminant Analysis.
Resolving Identity Uncertainty with Learned Random Walks.
Binomial Matrix Factorization for Discrete Collaborative Filtering.
An L-infinity Norm Visual Classifier.
Relevant Subspace Clustering: Mining the Most Interesting Non-redundant Concepts in High Dimensional Data.
Parallel PathFinder Algorithms for Mining Structures from Graphs.
Two Heads Better Than One: Metric+Active Learning and its Applications for IT Service Classification.
Probabilistic Similarity Query on Dimension Incomplete Data.
Constraint-Based Pattern Mining in Dynamic Graphs.
Rule Ensembles for Multi-target Regression.
Semi-naive Exploitation of One-Dependence Estimators.
TrBagg: A Simple Transfer Learning Method and its Application to Personalization in Collaborative Tagging.
An Effective Approach to Inverse Frequent Set Mining.
Explore/Exploit Schemes for Web Content Optimization.
A Tree-Based Framework for Difference Summarization.
Effective Criterion Functions for Efficient Agglomerative Clustering on Very Large Networks.
iTopicModel: Information Network-Integrated Topic Modeling.
Feature Selection in the Tensor Product Feature Space.
Topic Distributions over Links on Web.
Semi-Supervised Sequence Labeling with Self-Learned Features.
Evaluating Statistical Tests for Within-Network Classifiers of Relational Data.
CoFKM: A Centralized Method for Multiple-View Clustering.
Interaction-Based Clustering of Multivariate Time Series.
Convex Non-negative Matrix Factorization in the Wild.
A Walk from 2-Norm SVM to 1-Norm SVM.
flowNet: Flow-Based Approach for Efficient Analysis of Complex Biological Networks.
Discriminative Mixed-Membership Models.
Bayesian Overlapping Subspace Clustering.
SLIDER: Mining Correlated Motifs in Protein-Protein Interaction Networks.
RING: An Integrated Method for Frequent Representative Subgraph Mining.
Extended Boolean Matrix Decomposition.
Stacked Gaussian Process Learning.
Permutation Tests for Studying Classifier Performance.
On K-Means Cluster Preservation Using Quantization Schemes.
Redistricting Using Heuristic-Based Polygonal Clustering.
Non-sparse Multiple Kernel Learning for Fisher Discriminant Analysis.
Learning the Shared Subspace for Multi-task Clustering and Transductive Transfer Classification.
Large Scale Relation Acquisition Using Class Dependent Patterns.
Global Slope Change Synopses for Measurement Maps.
Maximum Margin Clustering on Data Manifolds.
Clustering with Multiple Graphs.
Fast Online Training of Ramp Loss Support Vector Machines.
Finding Time Series Motifs in Disk-Resident Data.
A Fully Automated Method for Discovering Community Structures in High Dimensional Data.
A Contrast Pattern Based Clustering Quality Index for Categorical Data.
Discovering Contexts and Contextual Outliers Using Random Walks in Graphs.
Extracting Output Metadata from Scientific Deep Web Data Sources.
Connecting Sparsely Distributed Similar Bloggers.
Semi-supervised Density-Based Clustering.
A New MCA-Based Divisive Hierarchical Algorithm for Clustering Categorical Data.
Semi-supervised Multi-task Learning with Task Regularizations.
Efficient Discovery of Frequent Correlated Subgraph Pairs.
Temporal Neighborhood Discovery Using Markov Models.
Bi-relational Network Analysis Using a Fast Random Walk with Restart.
PUB: A Class Description Technique Based on Partial Coverage of Subspace.
Non-negative Laplacian Embedding.
Synthesizing Novel Dimension Reduction Algorithms in Matrix Trace Oriented Optimization Framework.
Kernel Conditional Quantile Estimation via Reduction Revisited.
Learning concept importance using a weighted dependence model.
A sketch-based distance oracle for web-scale graphs.
SBotMiner: large scale search bot detection.
GeoFolk: latent spatial semantics in web 2.0 social media.
An optimization framework for query recommendation.
IntervalRank: isotonic regression with listwise and pairwise constraints.
Gathering and ranking photos of named entities with high precision, high recall, and diversity.
I tag, you tag: translating tags for advanced user models.
Adaptive weighing designs for keyword value computation.
Anatomy of the long tail: ordinary people with extraordinary tastes.
Ranking mechanisms in twitter-like forums.
TwitterRank: finding topic-sensitive influential twitterers.
Learning similarity metrics for event identification in social media.
Corroborating information from disagreeing views.
Measuring the reusability of test collections.
Early exit optimizations for additive machine learned ranking systems.
Improving ad relevance in sponsored search.
Query reformulation using anchor text.
Adapting information bottleneck method for automatic construction of domain-oriented sentiment lexicon.
Towards recency ranking in web search.
You are who you know: inferring user profiles in online social networks.
Data-oriented content query system: searching for data into text on the web.
Learning URL patterns for webpage de-duplication.
Beyond DCG: user behavior as a predictor of a successful search.
Large scale query log analysis of re-finding.
Pairwise interaction tensor factorization for personalized tag recommendation.
Leveraging temporal dynamics of document content in relevance ranking.
Tagging human knowledge.
On compressing the textual web.
Boilerplate detection using shallow text features.
Personalized click prediction in sponsored search.
Automatic generation of bid phrases for online advertising.
Revisiting globally sorted indexes for efficient document retrieval.
Evolution of two-sided markets.
Inferring search behaviors using partially observable Markov (POM) model.
Coupled semi-supervised learning for information extraction.
Ranking with query-dependent loss for web search.
A model to estimate intrinsic document relevance from the clickthrough logs of a web search engine.
Folks in Folksonomies: social link prediction from shared metadata.
Improving quality of training data for learning to rank using click-through data.
fLDA: matrix factorization through latent dirichlet allocation.
A novel click model and its applications to online advertising.
Early online identification of attention gathering items in social media.
Precomputing search features for fast and accurate query classification.
Learning influence probabilities in social networks.
Proceedings, The Twenty-First National Conference on Artificial Intelligence and the Eighteenth Innovative Applications of Artificial Intelligence Conference, July 16-20, 2006, Boston, Massachusetts, USA
Proceedings of the Twenty-Second AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 22-26, 2007, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
Proceedings of the Twenty-Third AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, AAAI 2008, Chicago, Illinois, USA, July 13-17, 2008
A Fast Heuristic Search Algorithm for Finding the Longest Common Subsequence of Multiple Strings.
Envy Quotes and the Iterated Core-Selecting Combinatorial Auction.
Integrating a Closed World Planner with an Open World Robot: A Case Study.
Symmetry in Solutions.
Latent Variable Model for Learning in Pairwise Markov Networks.
Multi-Task Sparse Discriminant Analysis (MtSDA) with Overlapping Categories.
Multi-Agent Learning with Policy Prediction.
Competing Schedulers.
Trust Models and Con-Man Agents: From Mathematical to Empirical Analysis.
A Probabilistic-Logical Framework for Ontology Matching.
Comparing Position Auctions Computationally.
Properties of Bayesian Dirichlet Scores to Learn Bayesian Network Structures.
Design and Implementation of Two-level Synchronization for Interactive Music Robot.
Commonsense Knowledge Mining from the Web.
Control Model Learning for Whole-Body Mobile Manipulation.
New Mini-Bucket Partitioning Heuristics for Bounding the Probability of Evidence.
Multi-Agent Plan Recognition: Formalization and Algorithms.
Temporal Information Extraction.
Goal-Driven Autonomy in a Navy Strategy Simulation.
Integrating Sample-Based Planning and Model-Based Reinforcement Learning.
Facilitating the Evaluation of Automated Negotiators using Peer Designed Agents.
Structured Parameter Elicitation.
On the Use of Prime Implicates in Conformant Planning.
Tolerable Manipulability in Dynamic Assignment without Money.
Intentions in Equilibrium.
Error Aware Monocular Visual Odometry using Vertical Line Pairs for Small Robots in Urban Areas.
Collaborative Expert Portfolio Management.
Generalized Task Markets for Human and Machine Computation.
PR + RQ ALMOST EQUAL TO PQ: Transliteration Mining Using Bridge Language.
Bidirectional Integration of Pipeline Models.
Activity and Gait Recognition with Time-Delay Embeddings.
Constraint Programming for Data Mining and Machine Learning.
Subjective Trust Inference in Composite Services.
Independent Additive Heuristics Reduce Search Multiplicatively.
Fast Algorithms for Top-k Approximate String Matching.
Computational Social Choice: Strategic and Combinatorial Aspects.
Adopting Inference Networks for Online Thread Retrieval.
Understanding the Success of Perfect Information Monte Carlo Sampling in Game Tree Search.
How Incomplete Is Your Semantic Web Reasoner?
Fast Local Search Algorithm for Weighted Feedback Arc Set in Tournaments.
Soundness Preserving Approximation for TBox Reasoning.
Latent Class Models for Algorithm Portfolio Methods.
Towards Interesting Patterns of Hard CSPs with Functional Constraints.
A Cross-Entropy Method that Optimizes Partially Decomposable Problems: A New Way to Interpret NMR Spectra.
Predicting Structural and Functional Sites in Proteins by Searching for Maximum-weight Cliques.
Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, AAAI 2010, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, July 11-15, 2010
Approximation Algorithms and Mechanism Design for Minimax Approval Voting.
Using Imagery to Simplify Perceptual Abstraction in Reinforcement Learning Agents.
Multi-Label Learning with Weak Label.
Integrating Expert Knowledge and Experience.
SixthSense: Fast and Reliable Recognition of Dead Ends in MDPs.
Clickthrough Log Analysis by Collaborative Ranking.
Hydra: Automatically Configuring Algorithms for Portfolio-Based Selection.
What if the Irresponsible Teachers Are Dominating?
The Induction and Transfer of Declarative Bias.
Learning to Predict Opinion Share in Social Networks.
Finite-State Controllers Based on Mealy Machines for Centralized and Decentralized POMDPs.
A Proof-Producing CSP Solver.
Predicting the Importance of Newsfeed Posts and Social Network Friends.
A Topic Model for Linked Documents and Update Rules for its Estimation.
Parallel Depth First Proof Number Search.
Sequential Incremental-Value Auctions.
Finding Semantic Inconsistencies in UMLS using Answer Set Programming.
Nonmanipulable Randomized Tournament Selections.
Relative Entropy Policy Search.
Local Search in Histogram Construction.
Collaborative Filtering Meets Mobile Recommendation: A User-Centered Approach.
Asynchronous Multi-Robot Patrolling against Intrusions in Arbitrary Topologies.
Symbolic Dynamic Programming for First-order POMDPs.
Learning from Concept Drifting Data Streams with Unlabeled Data.
GTPA: A Generative Model For Online Mentor-Apprentice Networks.
Relational Partially Observable MDPs.
A New Approach to Knowledge Base Revision in DL-Lite.
Cloning in Elections.
Fixing a Tournament.
Sentiment Analysis with Global Topics and Local Dependency.
A Distributed Algorithm for Optimising over Pure Strategy Nash Equilibria.
Evolved Intrinsic Reward Functions for Reinforcement Learning.
Discriminant Laplacian Embedding.
Saving Redundant Messages in BnB-ADOPT.
Optimal Rectangle Packing on Non-Square Benchmarks.
Stability and Incentive Compatibility in a Kernel-Based Combinatorial Auction.
Constrained Metric Learning Via Distance Gap Maximization.
Truth, Justice, and Cake Cutting.
Continual On-Line Planning.
Dependence Minimizing Regression with Model Selection for Non-Linear Causal Inference under Non-Gaussian Noise.
Dealing with Infinite Loops, Underestimation, and Overestimation of Depth-First Proof-Number Search.
Private and Third-Party Randomization in Risk-Sensitive Equilibrium Concepts.
Detecting Social Ties and Copying Events from Affiliation Data.
Single-Frontier Bidirectional Search.
Bypassing Combinatorial Protections: Polynomial-Time Algorithms for Single-Peaked Electorates.
An Analytic Characterization of Model Minimization in Factored Markov Decision Processes.
Exploiting QBF Duality on a Circuit Representation.
Toward an Architecture for Never-Ending Language Learning.
G-Optimal Design with Laplacian Regularization.
A Stronger Consistency for Soft Global Constraints in Weighted Constraint Satisfaction.
Cost-Sensitive Semi-Supervised Support Vector Machine.
Learning Spatial-Temporal Varying Graphs with Applications to Climate Data Analysis.
Towards Multiagent Meta-level Control.
Ontological Reasoning with F-logic Lite and its Extensions.
Materializing and Persisting Inferred and Uncertain Knowledge in RDF Datasets.
Assisting Users with Clustering Tasks by Combining Metric Learning and Classification.
Possible Winners when New Candidates Are Added: The Case of Scoring Rules.
Supporting Wilderness Search and Rescue with Integrated Intelligence: Autonomy and Information at the Right Time and the Right Place.
Hidden Market Design.
Integrating Constraint Satisfaction and Spatial Reasoning.
Forest-Based Semantic Role Labeling.
Security Games with Arbitrary Schedules: A Branch and Price Approach.
Intelligently Aiding Human-Guided Correction of Speech Recognition.
The Boosting Effect of Exploratory Behaviors.
Conformal Mapping by Computationally Efficient Methods.
Reinforcement Learning via AIXI Approximation.
Lazy Theta*: Any-Angle Path Planning and Path Length Analysis in 3D.
Past and Future of DL-Lite.
Towards an Intelligent Code Search Engine.
Searching Without a Heuristic: Efficient Use of Abstraction.
Informed Lifting for Message-Passing.
Genome Rearrangement: A Planning Approach.
Reinforcement Learning Via Practice and Critique Advice.
Multitask Bregman Clustering.
An Integrated Systems Approach to Explanation-Based Conceptual Change.
Automated Program Debugging Via Multiple Predicate Switching.
Recognizing Multi-Agent Activities from GPS Data.
Filtering Bounded Knapsack Constraints in Expected Sublinear Time.
Transferable Utility Planning Games.
Biologically-Inspired Control for Multi-Agent Self-Adaptive Tasks.
Local Optimization for Simulation of Natural Motion.
Gaussian Mixture Model with Local Consistency.
Using Lookaheads with Optimal Best-First Search.
Enhancing Affective Communication in Embodied Conversational Agents.
Learning Methods to Generate Good Plans: Integrating HTN Learning and Reinforcement Learning.
Transmission Network Expansion Planning with Simulation Optimization.
Bayesian Policy Search for Multi-Agent Role Discovery.
Evolving Compiler Heuristics to Manage Communication and Contention.
Robust Policy Computation in Reward-Uncertain MDPs Using Nondominated Policies.
New Worst-Case Upper Bound for #2-SAT and #3-SAT with the Number of Clauses as the Parameter.
Myopic Policies for Budgeted Optimization with Constrained Experiments.
SAP Speaks PDDL.
Voting Almost Maximizes Social Welfare Despite Limited Communication.
A Low False Negative Filter for Detecting Rare Bird Species from Short Video Segments using a Probable Observation Data Set-based EKF Method.
Simultaneous Elicitation of Preference Features and Utility.
Learning Discriminative Piecewise Linear Models with Boundary Points.
Enhancing ASP by Functions: Decidable Classes and Implementation Techniques.
Urban Security: Game-Theoretic Resource Allocation in Networked Domains.
An Inconsistency-Tolerant Approach to Information Merging Based on Proposition Relaxation.
Non-Metric Locality-Sensitive Hashing.
Learning Simulation Control in General Game-Playing Agents.
Efficient Spectral Feature Selection with Minimum Redundancy.
Node Selection Query Languages for Trees.
A Phrase-Based Method for Hierarchical Clustering of Web Snippets.
Extraction and Visualization of Implicit Social Relations on Social Networking Services.
Automated Channel Abstraction for Advertising Auctions.
Finding Optimal Solutions to Cooperative Pathfinding Problems.
Dynamic Auction: A Tractable Auction Procedure.
Multi-Agent Fault Tolerance Inspired by a Computational Analysis of Cancer.
PUMA: Planning Under Uncertainty with Macro-Actions.
Interactive Task-Plan Learning.
Decision-Theoretic Control of Crowd-Sourced Workflows.
Decidable Fragments of First-Order Language Under Stable Model Semantics and Circumscription.
Decomposed Utility Functions and Graphical Models for Reasoning about Preferences.
Semi-Supervised Dimension Reduction for Multi-Label Classification.
A Belief Revision Framework for Revising Epistemic States with Partial Epistemic States.
Stackelberg Voting Games: Computational Aspects and Paradoxes.
Relational Reinforcement Learning in Infinite Mario.
Reasoning about Imperfect Information Games in the Epistemic Situation Calculus.
High-Quality Policies for the Canadian Traveler's Problem.
Intelligent Time-Aware Query Translation for Text Sources.
Asymmetric Spite in Auctions.
On Multi-Robot Area Coverage.
Can Approximation Circumvent Gibbard-Satterthwaite?
The Genetic Algorithm as a General Diffusion Model for Social Networks.
Two-Stage Sparse Representation for Robust Recognition on Large-Scale Database.
Temporal and Social Context Based Burst Detection from Folksonomies.
A Two-Dimensional Topic-Aspect Model for Discovering Multi-Faceted Topics.
Automatic Derivation of Finite-State Machines for Behavior Control.
Task Space Behavior Learning for Humanoid Robots using Gaussian Mixture Models.
g-Planner: Real-time Motion Planning and Global Navigation using GPUs.
Hierarchical Skill Learning for High-Level Planning.
Session Based Click Features for Recency Ranking.
Toward Learning to Press Doorbell Buttons.
Local and Global Regressive Mapping for Manifold Learning with Out-of-Sample Extrapolation.
Accounting Mechanisms for Distributed Work Systems.
Search Space Reduction Using Swamp Hierarchies.
News Recommendation in Forum-Based Social Media.
Diversifying Query Suggestion Results.
Team Formation with Heterogeneous Agents in Computer Games.
Online Learning of Uneven Terrain for Humanoid Bipedal Walking.
CAO: A Fully Automatic Emoticon Analysis System.
UserRec: A User Recommendation Framework in Social Tagging Systems.
Topological Relations between Convex Regions.
Convergence to Equilibria in Plurality Voting.
Compilation Complexity of Common Voting Rules.
Representing Preferences Among Sets.
Integrated Systems for Inducing Spatio-Temporal Process Models.
Towards a Robust Deep Language Understanding System.
Smooth Optimization for Effective Multiple Kernel Learning.
Active Inference for Collective Classification.
A Temporal Proof System for General Game Playing.
Trial-Based Dynamic Programming for Multi-Agent Planning.
Community-Guided Learning: Exploiting Mobile Sensor Users to Model Human Behavior.
Materializing Inferred and Uncertain Knowledge in RDF Datasets.
Epsilon-First Policies for Budget-Limited Multi-Armed Bandits.
Distributed Auction-Based Initialization of Mobile Robot Formations.
What Is an Opinion About? Exploring Political Standpoints Using Opinion Scoring Model.
Constrained Coclustering for Textual Documents.
Coalitional Structure Generation in Skill Games.
Two-Player Game Structures for Generalized Planning and Agent Composition.
A Restriction of Extended Resolution for Clause Learning SAT Solvers.
First-Order Indefinability of Answer Set Programs on Finite Structures.
Multilinear Maximum Distance Embedding Via L1-Norm Optimization.
On the Reputation of Agent-Based Web Services.
Multi-Task Active Learning with Output Constraints.
Panlingual Lexical Translation via Probabilistic Inference.
Planning in Dynamic Environments: Extending HTNs with Nonlinear Continuous Effects.
Exploiting Monotonicity in Interval Constraint Propagation.
Increasing Threshold Search for Best-Valued Agents.
A Trust Model for Supply Chain Management.
Bayesian Matrix Factorization with Side Information and Dirichlet Process Mixtures.
Transfer Learning in Collaborative Filtering for Sparsity Reduction.
Fast Conditional Density Estimation for Quantitative Structure-Activity Relationships.
Integrating Transfer Learning in Synthetic Student.
Beyond Equilibrium: Predicting Human Behavior in Normal-Form Games.
Probabilistic Possible Winner Determination.
A Decentralised Coordination Algorithm for Mobile Sensors.
A General Game Description Language for Incomplete Information Games.
Optimal Social Trust Path Selection in Complex Social Networks.
Instance-Based Online Learning of Deterministic Relational Action Models.
Facial Age Estimation by Learning from Label Distributions.
Exact Algorithms and Experiments for Hierarchical Tree Clustering.
Integrity Constraints in OWL.
Collusion Detection in Online Bridge.
Adaptive Transfer Learning.
Approximate Coalition Structure Generation.
Transductive Learning on Adaptive Graphs.
Non-I.I.D. Multi-Instance Dimensionality Reduction by Learning a Maximum Bag Margin Subspace.
Dominance Testing via Model Checking.
Progress on Agent Coordination with Cooperative Auctions.
Efficient Lifting for Online Probabilistic Inference.
Nonparametric Curve Extraction Based on Ant Colony System.
Creating Dynamic Story Plots with Continual Multiagent Planning.
Structure Learning for Markov Logic Networks with Many Descriptive Attributes.
Symmetry Detection in General Game Playing.
A Computational Model for Saliency Maps by Using Local Entropy.
Ad Hoc Autonomous Agent Teams: Collaboration without Pre-Coordination.
Representation Discovery in Sequential Decision Making.
Automated Modelling and Solving in Constraint Programming.
Space Efficient Evaluation of ASP Programs with Bounded Predicate Arities.
Using Closed Captions as Supervision for Video Activity Recognition.
Probabilistic Plan Recognition Using Off-the-Shelf Classical Planners.
DTProbLog: A Decision-Theoretic Probabilistic Prolog.
Respecting Markov Equivalence in Computing Posterior Probabilities of Causal Graphical Features.
A Lower Bound on the Size of Decomposable Negation Normal Form.
A Distributed Method for Evaluating Properties of a Robot Formation.
A Novel Transition Based Encoding Scheme for Planning as Satisfiability.
A First Practical Algorithm for High Levels of Relational Consistency.
A Bayesian Nonparametric Approach to Modeling Mobility Patterns.
Interactive Learning Using Manifold Geometry.
Discovering Long Range Properties of Social Networks with Multi-Valued Time-Inhomogeneous Models.
Non-Negative Matrix Factorization Clustering on Multiple Manifolds.
Visual Contextual Advertising: Bringing Textual Advertisements to Images.
The Tree Representation of Feasible Solutions for the TSP with Pickup and Delivery and LIFO Loading.
User-Specific Learning for Recognizing a Singer's Intended Pitch.
An Optimization Variant of Multi-Robot Path Planning Is Intractable.
Optimal Strategies for Reviewing Search Results.
A New Algorithm for Weighted Partial MaxSAT.
Inducing Probability Distributions from Knowledge Bases with (In)dependence Relations.
Knowledge Compilation in the Modal Logic S5.
Unsupervised Learning of Event Classes from Video.
Good Rationalizations of Voting Rules.
Lifting Rationality Assumptions in Binary Aggregation.
EWLS: A New Local Search for Minimum Vertex Cover.
Algorithms for Finding Approximate Formations in Games.
Complexity of Computing Optimal Stackelberg Strategies in Security Resource Allocation Games.
Propagating Conjunctions of AllDifferent Constraints.
Integrating Reinforcement Learning into a Programming Language.
Search-Based Path Planning with Homotopy Class Constraints.
Ordered Completion for First-Order Logic Programs on Finite Structures.
Situation Calculus as Answer Set Programming.
An Approximate Subgame-Perfect Equilibrium Computation Technique for Repeated Games.
Using Bisimulation for Policy Transfer in MDPs.
Keyword Extraction and Headline Generation Using Novel Word Features.
Computationally Feasible Automated Mechanism Design: General Approach and Case Studies.
To Max or Not to Max: Online Learning for Speeding Up Optimal Planning.
Coalition Structure Generation based on Distributed Constraint Optimization.
Computing Cost-Optimal Definitely Discriminating Tests.
Interactive Categorization of Containers and Non-Containers by Unifying Categorizations Derived from Multiple Exploratory Behaviors.
A Single-Step Maximum A Posteriori Update for Bearing-Only SLAM.
An Efficient Branch-and-Bound Algorithm Based on MaxSAT for the Maximum Clique Problem.
Extracting Ontological Selectional Preferences for Non-Pertainym Adjectives from the Google Corpus.
Combining Human Reasoning and Machine Computation: Towards a Memetic Network Solution to Satisfiability.
The Model-Based Approach to Autonomous Behavior: A Personal View.
Efficient Belief Propagation for Utility Maximization and Repeated Inference.
Ontologies and Representations of Matter.
Automatic Attribution of Quoted Speech in Literary Narrative.
Nonparametric Bayesian Approaches for Reinforcement Learning in Partially Observable Domains.
1.6-Bit Pattern Databases.
Semantic Search in Linked Data: Opportunities and Challenges.
Gaussian Process Latent Random Field.
Grouping Strokes into Shapes in Hand-Drawn Diagrams.
In Defense of Large Qualitative Calculi.
A Layered Approach to People Detection in 3D Range Data.
Non-Negative Matrix Factorization with Constraints.
Framework and Schema for Semantic Web Knowledge Bases.
Prioritization of Domain-Specific Web Information Extraction.
Utilizing Context in Generative Bayesian Models for Linked Corpus.
Temporal Planning for Interacting Durative Actions with Continuous Effects.
Multi-Instance Dimensionality Reduction.
Learning Causal Models of Relational Domains.
Compressing POMDPs Using Locality Preserving Non-Negative Matrix Factorization.
Biped Walk Learning Through Playback and Corrective Demonstration.
Kernelized Sorting for Natural Language Processing.
A General Framework for Representing and Reasoning with Annotated Semantic Web Data.
Modeling Dynamic Multi-Topic Discussions in Online Forums.
Multi-Label Classification: Inconsistency and Class Balanced K-Nearest Neighbor.
Information and Knowledge Management, Expanding the Definition of "Database", First International Conference, CIKM'92, Baltimore, Maryland, USA, November 8-11, 1992, Selected Papers
Proceedings of the 2004 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Washington, DC, USA, November 8-13, 2004
Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005
Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008
Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006
Proceedings of the Sixteenth ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2007, Lisbon, Portugal, November 6-10, 2007
Proceedings of the 18th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2009, Hong Kong, China, November 2-6, 2009
1996 Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR '96), June 18-20, 1996 San Francisco, CA, USA
1997 Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR '97), June 17-19, 1997, San Juan, Puerto Rico
1998 Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR '98), June 23-25, 1998, Santa Barbara, CA, USA
1999 Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR '99), 23-25 June 1999, Ft. Collins, CO, USA
2000 Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2000), 13-15 June 2000, Hilton Head, SC, USA
2001 IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2001), with CD-ROM, 8-14 December 2001, Kauai, HI, USA
2003 IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2003), 16-22 June 2003, Madison, WI, USA
2004 IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2004), with CD-ROM, 27 June - 2 July 2004, Washington, DC, USA
2005 IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2005), 20-26 June 2005, San Diego, CA, USA
2006 IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2006), 17-22 June 2006, New York, NY, USA
2008 IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2008), 24-26 June 2008, Anchorage, Alaska, USA
2007 IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2007), 18-23 June 2007, Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA
2009 IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2009), 20-25 June 2009, Miami, Florida, USA
Advances in Information Retrieval, 24th BCS-IRSG European Colloquium on IR Research Glasgow, UK, March 25-27, 2002 Proceedings
Advances in Information Retrieval, 25th European Conference on IR Research, ECIR 2003, Pisa, Italy, April 14-16, 2003, Proceedings
Advances in Information Retrieval, 26th European Conference on IR Research, ECIR 2004, Sunderland, UK, April 5-7, 2004, Proceedings
Advances in Information Retrieval, 27th European Conference on IR Research, ECIR 2005, Santiago de Compostela, Spain, March 21-23, 2005, Proceedings
Advances in Information Retrieval, 28th European Conference on IR Research, ECIR 2006, London, UK, April 10-12, 2006, Proceedings
Advances in Information Retrieval, 29th European Conference on IR Research, ECIR 2007, Rome, Italy, April 2-5, 2007, Proceedings
Advances in Information Retrieval , 30th European Conference on IR Research, ECIR 2008, Glasgow, UK, March 30-April 3, 2008. Proceedings
Query Difficulty Prediction for Contextual Image Retrieval.
Wikipedia-Based Semantic Smoothing for the Language Modeling Approach to Information Retrieval.
Transliteration Equivalence Using Canonical Correlation Analysis.
Promoting Ranking Diversity for Biomedical Information Retrieval Using Wikipedia.
Advances in Information Retrieval, 31th European Conference on IR Research, ECIR 2009, Toulouse, France, April 6-9, 2009. Proceedings
Query Aspect Based Term Weighting Regularization in Information Retrieval.
An Empirical Study of Query Specificity.
EUROGENE: Multilingual Retrieval and Machine Translation Applied to Human Genetics.
Maximum Margin Ranking Algorithms for Information Retrieval.
Using the Quantum Probability Ranking Principle to Rank Interdependent Documents.
A Data Analysis and Modelling Framework for the Evaluation of Interactive Information Retrieval.
Beyond Shot Retrieval: Searching for Broadcast News Items Using Language Models of Concepts.
Cross-Language High Similarity Search: Why No Sub-linear Time Bound Can Be Expected.
A Framework for Evaluating Automatic Image Annotation Algorithms.
Category-Based Query Modeling for Entity Search.
Improving Retrievability of Patents in Prior-Art Search.
A Performance Prediction Approach to Enhance Collaborative Filtering Performance.
A Language Modeling Approach for Temporal Information Needs.
Colouring the Dimensions of Relevance.
Improving Medical Information Retrieval with PICO Element Detection.
Evaluating the Potential of Explicit Phrases for Retrieval Quality.
Finding Wormholes with Flickr Geotags.
Predicting Query Performance via Classification.
Improving Query Correctness Using Centralized Probably Approximately Correct (PAC) Search.
Mining Anchor Text Trends for Retrieval.
Mining Neighbors' Topicality to Better Control Authority Flow.
Enriching Peer-to-Peer File Descriptors Using Association Rules on Query Logs.
A Comparison of Language Identification Approaches on Short, Query-Style Texts.
Recent Developments in Information Retrieval.
Tripartite Hidden Topic Models for Personalised Tag Suggestion.
Query Performance Prediction: Evaluation Contrasted with Effectiveness.
A Case for Automatic System Evaluation.
User's Latent Interest-Based Collaborative Filtering.
Statistics of Online User-Generated Short Documents.
Extracting Multilingual Topics from Unaligned Comparable Corpora.
Goal-Driven Collaborative Filtering - A Directional Error Based Approach.
Enhancing N-Gram-Based Summary Evaluation Using Information Content and a Taxonomy.
How Different Are Language Models andWord Clouds?
Between Bags and Trees - Constructional Patterns in Text Used for Attitude Identification.
Biometric Response as a Source of Query Independent Scoring in Lifelog Retrieval.
BASIL: Effective Near-Duplicate Image Detection Using Gene Sequence Alignment.
Aggregation of Multiple Judgments for Evaluating Ordered Lists.
Evaluation of an Adaptive Search Suggestion System.
Image and Natural Language Processing for Multimedia Information Retrieval.
Developing a Test Collection for the Evaluation of Integrated Search.
Analyzing Information Retrieval Methods to Recover Broken Web Links.
Learning to Distribute Queries into Web Search Nodes.
Semantically Enhanced Term Frequency.
Text Clustering for Peer-to-Peer Networks with Probabilistic Guarantees.
The Role of Query Sessions in Extracting Instance Attributes from Web Search Queries.
Learning to Select a Ranking Function.
Filtering Documents with Subspaces.
Opinion Summarization of Web Comments.
Netspeak - Assisting Writers in Choosing Words.
On Improving Pseudo-Relevance Feedback Using Pseudo-Irrelevant Documents.
Collaborative Filtering: The Aim of Recommender Systems and the Significance of User Ratings.
Exploiting Result Consistency to Select Query Expansions for Spoken Content Retrieval.
Enabling Interactive Query Expansion through Eliciting the Potential Effect of Expansion Terms.
Ranking Fusion Methods Applied to On-Line Handwriting Information Retrieval.
Explicit Search Result Diversification through Sub-queries.
Estimating Translation Probabilities from the Web for Structured Queries on CLIR.
Temporal Shingling for Version Identification in Web Archives.
IR, NLP, and Visualization.
Mining OOV Translations from Mixed-Language Web Pages for Cross Language Information Retrieval.
Web Search Futures: Personal, Collaborative, Social.
On Foreign Name Search.
Interpreting User Inactivity on Search Results.
Retrieving Customary Web Language to Assist Writers.
Evaluation and User Preference Study on Spatial Diversity.
Evaluating Server Selection for Federated Search.
News Comments: Exploring, Modeling, and Online Prediction.
Personalizing Web Search with Folksonomy-Based User and Document Profiles.
Using Weighted Tagging to Facilitate Enterprise Search.
Laplacian Co-hashing of Terms and Documents.
Advances in Information Retrieval, 32nd European Conference on IR Research, ECIR 2010, Milton Keynes, UK, March 28-31, 2010. Proceedings
NEAT: News Exploration Along Time.
Crowdsourcing Assessments for XML Ranked Retrieval.
XML Retrieval Using Pruned Element-Index Files.
Machine Learning: ECML-93, European Conference on Machine Learning, Vienna, Austria, April 5-7, 1993, Proceedings
Machine Learning: ECML-94, European Conference on Machine Learning, Catania, Italy, April 6-8, 1994, Proceedings
Machine Learning: ECML-95, 8th European Conference on Machine Learning, Heraclion, Crete, Greece, April 25-27, 1995, Proceedings
Machine Learning: ECML-97, 9th European Conference on Machine Learning, Prague, Czech Republic, April 23-25, 1997, Proceedings
Machine Learning: ECML-98, 10th European Conference on Machine Learning, Chemnitz, Germany, April 21-23, 1998, Proceedings
Machine Learning: ECML 2000, 11th European Conference on Machine Learning, Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain, May 31 - June 2, 2000, Proceedings
Machine Learning: EMCL 2001, 12th European Conference on Machine Learning, Freiburg, Germany, September 5-7, 2001, Proceedings
Machine Learning: ECML 2002, 13th European Conference on Machine Learning, Helsinki, Finland, August 19-23, 2002, Proceedings
Machine Learning: ECML 2003, 14th European Conference on Machine Learning, Cavtat-Dubrovnik, Croatia, September 22-26, 2003, Proceedings
Machine Learning: ECML 2004, 15th European Conference on Machine Learning, Pisa, Italy, September 20-24, 2004, Proceedings
Machine Learning: ECML 2005, 16th European Conference on Machine Learning, Porto, Portugal, October 3-7, 2005, Proceedings
Machine Learning: ECML 2006, 17th European Conference on Machine Learning, Berlin, Germany, September 18-22, 2006, Proceedings
Machine Learning: ECML 2007, 18th European Conference on Machine Learning, Warsaw, Poland, September 17-21, 2007, Proceedings
Advances in Database Technology - EDBT 2000, 7th International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Konstanz, Germany, March 27-31, 2000, Proceedings
Advances in Database Technology - EDBT 2002, 8th International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Prague, Czech Republic, March 25-27, Proceedings
Advances in Database Technology - EDBT 2004, 9th International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Heraklion, Crete, Greece, March 14-18, 2004, Proceedings
Advances in Database Technology - EDBT 2006, 10th International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Munich, Germany, March 26-31, 2006, Proceedings
Advances in Database Technology - EDBT'88, Proceedings of the International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Venice, Italy, March 14-18, 1988
Advances in Database Technology - EDBT'90. International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Venice, Italy, March 26-30, 1990, Proceedings
Advances in Database Technology - EDBT'92, 3rd International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Vienna, Austria, March 23-27, 1992, Proceedings
Advances in Database Technology - EDBT'94. 4th International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Cambridge, United Kingdom, March 28-31, 1994, Proceedings
Advances in Database Technology - EDBT'96, 5th International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Avignon, France, March 25-29, 1996, Proceedings
Advances in Database Technology - EDBT'98, 6th International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Valencia, Spain, March 23-27, 1998, Proceedings
EDBT 2008, 11th International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Nantes, France, March 25-29, 2008, Proceedings
EDBT 2010, 13th International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Lausanne, Switzerland, March 22-26, 2010, Proceedings
EDBT 2009, 12th International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Saint Petersburg, Russia, March 24-26, 2009, Proceedings
Probabilistic path queries in road networks: traffic uncertainty aware path selection.
An experimental study of time-constrained aggregate queries.
A simple (yet powerful) algebra for pervasive environments.
Region-based online promotion analysis.
PARINDA: an interactive physical designer for PostgreSQL.
Stream schema: providing and exploiting static metadata for data stream processing.
Timely YAGO: harvesting, querying, and visualizing temporal knowledge from Wikipedia.
Warm cache costing: a feedback optimization technique for buffer pool aware costing.
Fast computation of SimRank for static and dynamic information networks.
Augmenting OLAP exploration with dynamic advanced analytics.
Adaptive join processing in pipelined plans.
Let SQL drive the XQuery workhorse (XQuery join graph isolation).
Xbase: cloud-enabled information appliance for healthcare.
Fast ELCA computation for keyword queries on XML data.
The Data Cyclotron query processing scheme.
The hardness and approximation algorithms for l-diversity.
A plan for OLAP.
Bridging the gap between intensional and extensional query evaluation in probabilistic databases.
Gossiping personalized queries.
Pattern detector: fast detection of suspicious stream patterns for immediate reaction.
Rewrite techniques for performance optimization of schema matching processes.
Provenance for database transformations.
Trustworthy vacuuming and litigation holds in long-term high-integrity records retention.
Beyond pages: supporting efficient, scalable entity search with dual-inversion index.
DEDUCE: at the intersection of MapReduce and stream processing.
Logging last resource optimization for distributed transactions in Oracle WebLogic server.
Probabilistic ranking over relations.
Correlation aware synchronization for near real time decision support systems.
Feedback-based annotation, selection and refinement of schema mappings for dataspaces.
k-symmetry model for identity anonymization in social networks.
PerK: personalized keyword search in relational databases through preferences.
Suffix tree construction algorithms on modern hardware.
Querying the deep web.
Keyword search for data-centric XML collections with long text fields.
Efficient computation of trade-off skylines.
Lost source provenance.
Privacy preserving group nearest neighbor queries.
Efficient physical operators for cost-based XPath execution.
Indexing relations on the web.
Reducing metadata complexity for faster table summarization.
FPGAs: a new point in the database design space.
Advanced knowledge discovery on movement data with the GeoPKDD system.
Anchoring millions of distinct reads on the human genome within seconds.
BronzeGate: real-time transactional data obfuscation for GoldenGate.
Techniques for efficiently querying scientific workflow provenance graphs.
Processing XPath queries with forward and downward axes over XML streams.
An execution environment for C-SPARQL queries.
Minimizing database repros using language grammars.
: matching process and operational data for a business impact analysis.
Position list word aligned hybrid: optimizing space and performance for compressed bitmaps.
Finding misplaced items in retail by clustering RFID data.
Suggestion of promising result types for XML keyword search.
Subsumption and complementation as data fusion operators.
Statistics-based parallelization of XPath queries in shared memory systems.
Optimizing joins in a map-reduce environment.
Efficient and scalable multi-geography route planning.
Aggregation of asynchronous electric power consumption time series knowing the integral.
Querying trajectories using flexible patterns.
Scalable ontology-based information systems.
HARRA: fast iterative hashed record linkage for large-scale data collections.
Self-selecting, self-tuning, incrementally optimized indexes.
Querying spatial patterns.
Fine-grained and efficient lineage querying of collection-based workflow provenance.
Splash: ad-hoc querying of data and statistical models.
How to authenticate graphs without leaking.
BP-Ex: a uniform query engine for business process execution traces.
Private record matching using differential privacy.
B-Fabric: the Swiss Army Knife for life sciences.
BSkyTree: scalable skyline computation using a balanced pivot selection.
Probabilistic threshold k nearest neighbor queries over moving objects in symbolic indoor space.
Feedback-driven result ranking and query refinement for exploring semi-structured data collections.
Turbo-charging hidden database samplers with overflowing queries and skew reduction.
Algorithm-safe privacy-preserving data publishing.
Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Data Engineering, 28 February - 3 March, 2000, San Diego, California, USA
Proceedings of the 20th International Conference on Data Engineering, ICDE 2004, 30 March - 2 April 2004, Boston, MA, USA
Proceedings of the 21st International Conference on Data Engineering, ICDE 2005, 5-8 April 2005, Tokyo, Japan
Proceedings of the 22nd International Conference on Data Engineering, ICDE 2006, 3-8 April 2006, Atlanta, GA, USA
Proceedings of the 23rd International Conference on Data Engineering, ICDE 2007, April 15-20, 2007, The Marmara Hotel, Istanbul, Turkey
Proceedings of the 24th International Conference on Data Engineering, ICDE 2008, April 7-12, 2008, Cancún, México
Proceedings of the 25th International Conference on Data Engineering, ICDE 2009, March 29 2009 - April 2 2009, Shanghai, China
Reverse engineering models from databases to bootstrap application development.
Managing uncertainty of XML schema matching.
Techniques for efficiently searching in spatial, temporal, spatio-temporal, and multimedia databases.
Top-K aggregation queries over large networks.
Effective automated Object Matching.
I/O-efficient statistical computing with RIOT.
ROX: The robustness of a run-time XQuery optimizer against correlated data.
Schema covering: a step towards enabling reuse in information integration.
Anonymizing weighted social network graphs.
Personalized Web search with location preferences.
USHER: Improving data quality with dynamic forms.
DBMS: Lessons from the first 50 years, speculations for the next 50.
IQ: Incremental query construction, a probabilistic approach.
Database as a service (DBaaS).
TASM: Top-k Approximate Subtree Matching.
PIP: A database system for great and small expectations.
Discovery-driven graph summarization.
Fuzzy matching of Web queries to structured data.
Q-Cop: Avoiding bad query mixes to minimize client timeouts under heavy loads.
XML reasoning made practical.
Scalable distributed-memory external sorting.
Proceedings of the 26th International Conference on Data Engineering, ICDE 2010, March 1-6, 2010, Long Beach, California, USA
A privacy-preserving approach to policy-based content dissemination.
Discovery of cross-similarity in data streams.
Privacy in data publishing.
Efficient and accurate discovery of patterns in sequence datasets.
MashRank: Towards uncertainty-aware and rank-aware mashups.
Cost-efficient and differentiated data availability guarantees in data clouds.
MASS: a multi-facet domain-specific influential blogger mining system.
HECATAEUS: Regulating schema evolution.
Approximate string search in spatial databases.
Database architecture (R)evolution: New hardware vs. new software.
Cloudy skies for data management.
Symphony: A platform for search-driven applications.
FENCE: Continuous access control enforcement in dynamic data stream environments.
The similarity join database operator.
Similarity search on supergraph containment.
Probabilistic Top-k query processing in distributed sensor networks.
Anonymized Data: Generation, models, usage.
Explaining structured queries in natural language.
Credibility-enhanced curated database: Improving the value of curated databases.
Fast in-memory XPath search using compressed indexes.
Correlation hiding by independence masking.
Multi-guarded safe zone: An effective technique to monitor moving circular range queries.
Inconsistency resolution in online databases.
Data desensitization of customer data for use in optimizer performance experiments.
Estimating the progress of MapReduce pipelines.
A demonstration of the MaxStream federated stream processing system.
XBRL repository - an industrial approach of management of XBRL documents.
Generating code for holistic query evaluation.
A tuple space for social networking on mobile phones.
Surrogate ranking for very expensive similarity queries.
Exploring power-performance tradeoffs in database systems.
ProbClean: A probabilistic duplicate detection system.
Efficient identification of coupled entities in document collections.
Estimating the compression fraction of an index using sampling.
The Hybrid-Layer Index: A synergic approach to answering top-k queries in arbitrary subspaces.
Optimal tree node ordering for child/descendant navigations.
Large scale data warehousing: Trends and observations.
Continuous query evaluation over distributed sensor networks.
Progressive result generation for multi-criteria decision support queries.
SMARTINT: A system for answering queries over web databases using attribute dependencies.
Nb-GCLOCK: A non-blocking buffer management based on the generalized CLOCK.
The model-summary problem and a solution for trees.
Progressive clustering of networks using Structure-Connected Order of Traversal.
Navigation system for product search.
Mining distribution change in stock order streams.
XML-based computation for scientific workflows.
Hive - a petabyte scale data warehouse using Hadoop.
Ranked queries over sources with Boolean query interfaces without ranking support.
A new algorithm for small-large table outer joins in parallel DBMS.
XMorph: A shape-polymorphic, domain-specific XML data transformation language.
Propagating updates through XML views using lineage tracing.
Efficient similarity matching of Time Series Cliques with natural relations.
Interaction-aware prediction of business intelligence workload completion times.
Representation, composition and application of preferences in databases.
Generator-Recognizer Networks: A unified approach to probabilistic databases.
GenerIE: Information extraction using database queries.
Optimized query evaluation using cooperative sorts.
Detecting inconsistencies in distributed data.
Scheduling for fast response multi-pattern matching over streaming events.
PARINET: A tunable access method for in-network trajectories.
Efficient rank based KNN query processing over uncertain data.
Provenance browser: Displaying and querying scientific workflow provenance graphs.
Route skyline queries: A multi-preference path planning approach.
Efficient processing of substring match queries with inverted q-gram indexes.
Global iceberg detection over distributed data streams.
Efficient fuzzy type-ahead search in TASTIER.
Quantile-based KNN over multi-valued objects.
Polynomial heuristics for query optimization.
Tuning servers, storage and database for energy efficient data warehouses.
Optimizing ETL workflows for fault-tolerance.
How new is the cloud?
Ratio threshold queries over distributed data sources.
Supporting top-K keyword search in XML databases.
Efficient verification of shortest path search via authenticated hints.
Viewing a world of annotations through AnnoVIP.
A partial persistent data structure to support consistency in real-time collaborative editing.
UV-diagram: A Voronoi diagram for uncertain data.
Overlapping Community Search for social networks.
Impact of disk corruption on open-source DBMS.
TrajStore: An adaptive storage system for very large trajectory data sets.
Reliable storage and querying for collaborative data sharing systems.
ScoreFinder: A method for collaborative quality inference on user-generated content.
T-Warehouse: Visual OLAP analysis on trajectory data.
TopCells: Keyword-based search of top-k aggregated documents in text cube.
Semantic ranking and result visualization for life sciences publications.
Mini-Me: A min-repro system for database software.
Non-dyadic Haar wavelets for streaming and sensor data.
Supporting real-world activities in database management systems.
Probabilistic declarative information extraction.
Detecting bursty events in collaborative tagging systems.
Toward industrial-strength keyword search systems over relational data.
TransScale: Scalability transformations for declarative applications.
Osprey: Implementing MapReduce-style fault tolerance in a shared-nothing distributed database.
Preference queries in large multi-cost transportation networks.
Intensional associations in dataspaces.
Visualizing large-scale RDF data using Subsets, Summaries, and Sampling in Oracle.
Geotagging with local lexicons to build indexes for textually-specified spatial data.
Policy-aware sender anonymity in location based services.
Data cleansing as a transient service.
FPGA acceleration for the frequent item problem.
Visualizing cost-based XQuery optimization.
C3: Concurrency control on continuous queries over moving objects.
Space-efficient online approximation of time series data: Streams, amnesia, and out-of-order.
Incorporating partitioning and parallel plans into the SCOPE optimizer.
Reverse top-k queries.
Probabilistic contextual skylines.
Rule profiling for query optimizers and their implications.
FlexPref: A framework for extensible preference evaluation in database systems.
Approximation trade-offs in Markovian stream processing: An empirical study.
Locating mapped resources in Web 2.0.
X-data: Generating test data for killing SQL mutants.
WikiAnalytics: Ad-hoc querying of highly heterogeneous structured data.
Global privacy guarantee in serial data publishing.
Optimal load shedding with aggregates and mining queries.
Workload driven index defragmentation.
ViewJoin: Efficient view-based evaluation of tree pattern queries.
E-Cube: Multi-dimensional event sequence processing using concept and pattern hierarchies.
Evaluating skylines in the presence of equijoins.
TransDec: A spatiotemporal query processing framework for transportation systems.
Finding Clusters in subspaces of very large, multi-dimensional datasets.
Interactive physical design tuning.
Navigating through Mashed-up Applications with COMPASS.
K nearest neighbor queries and kNN-Joins in large relational databases (almost) for free.
Approximate confidence computation in probabilistic databases.
Finding top-k maximal cliques in an uncertain graph.
Strongly consistent replication for a bargain.
Power-aware data analysis in sensor networks.
Hashing tree-structured data: Methods and applications.
XColor: Protecting general proximity privacy.
Monitoring continuous state violation in datacenters: Exploring the time dimension.
TargetSearch: A ranking friendly XML keyword search engine.
Mining mutation chains in biological sequences.
On optimal anonymization for l-diversity.
Differential privacy via wavelet transforms.
On supporting effective web extraction.
A view-based Monitoring for Privacy-aware Web services.
Admission control mechanisms for continuous queries in the cloud.
Proceedings of the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM 2003), 19-22 December 2003, Melbourne, Florida, USA
Proceedings of the 4th IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM 2004), 1-4 November 2004, Brighton, UK
Proceedings of the 5th IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM 2005), 27-30 November 2005, Houston, Texas, USA
Proceedings of the 6th IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM 2006), 18-22 December 2006, Hong Kong, China
Proceedings of the 7th IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM 2007), October 28-31, 2007, Omaha, Nebraska, USA
Proceedings of the 8th IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM 2008), December 15-19, 2008, Pisa, Italy
ICDM 2009, The Ninth IEEE International Conference on Data Mining, Miami, Florida, USA, 6-9 December 2009
Proceedings of the Fourteenth International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML 1997), Nashville, Tennessee, USA, July 8-12, 1997
Proceedings of the Fifteenth International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML 1998), Madison, Wisconson, USA, July 24-27, 1998
Proceedings of the Sixteenth International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML 1999), Bled, Slovenia, June 27 - 30, 1999
Proceedings of the Seventeenth International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML 2000), Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA, June 29 - July 2, 2000
Machine Learning, Proceedings of the Twenty-first International Conference (ICML 2004), Banff, Alberta, Canada, July 4-8, 2004
Machine Learning, Proceedings of the Twenty-Second International Conference (ICML 2005), Bonn, Germany, August 7-11, 2005
Machine Learning, Proceedings of the Twenty-Third International Conference (ICML 2006), Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA, June 25-29, 2006
Machine Learning, Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth International Conference (ICML 2007), Corvalis, Oregon, USA, June 20-24, 2007
Proceedings of the 26th Annual International Conference on Machine Learning, ICML 2009, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, June 14-18, 2009
Machine Learning, Proceedings of the Twenty-Fifth International Conference (ICML 2008), Helsinki, Finland, June 5-9, 2008
Asymptotic Analysis of Generative Semi-Supervised Learning.
Multi-agent Learning Experiments on Repeated Matrix Games.
Local Minima Embedding.
One-sided Support Vector Regression for Multiclass Cost-sensitive Classification.
Internal Rewards Mitigate Agent Boundedness.
Active Risk Estimation.
Proceedings of the 27th International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML-10), June 21-24, 2010, Haifa, Israel
Approximate Predictive Representations of Partially Observable Systems.
Learning the Linear Dynamical System with ASOS.
Efficient Learning with Partially Observed Attributes.
Should one compute the Temporal Difference fix point or minimize the Bellman Residual? The unified oblique projection view.
Fast boosting using adversarial bandits.
Generalizing Apprenticeship Learning across Hypothesis Classes.
Fast Neighborhood Subgraph Pairwise Distance Kernel.
SVM Classifier Estimation from Group Probabilities.
Implicit Online Learning.
Modeling Transfer Learning in Human Categorization with the Hierarchical Dirichlet Process.
3D Convolutional Neural Networks for Human Action Recognition.
Probabilistic Backward and Forward Reasoning in Stochastic Relational Worlds.
Learning Efficiently with Approximate Inference via Dual Losses.
Efficient Reinforcement Learning with Multiple Reward Functions for Randomized Controlled Trial Analysis.
Clustering processes.
Least-Squares Policy Iteration: Bias-Variance Trade-off in Control Problems.
High-Performance Semi-Supervised Learning using Discriminatively Constrained Generative Models.
Temporal Difference Bayesian Model Averaging: A Bayesian Perspective on Adapting Lambda.
Online Streaming Feature Selection.
The Translation-invariant Wishart-Dirichlet Process for Clustering Distance Data.
Projection Penalties: Dimension Reduction without Loss.
A New Analysis of Co-Training.
Online Learning for Group Lasso.
Music Plus One and Machine Learning.
Finding Planted Partitions in Nearly Linear Time using Arrested Spectral Clustering.
Improved Local Coordinate Coding using Local Tangents.
Robust Formulations for Handling Uncertainty in Kernel Matrices.
Non-Local Contrastive Objectives.
Tree-Guided Group Lasso for Multi-Task Regression with Structured Sparsity.
Two-Stage Learning Kernel Algorithms.
Risk minimization, probability elicitation, and cost-sensitive SVMs.
Structured Output Learning with Indirect Supervision.
COFFIN: A Computational Framework for Linear SVMs.
Mixed Membership Matrix Factorization.
Variable Selection in Model-Based Clustering: To Do or To Facilitate.
Learning Temporal Causal Graphs for Relational Time-Series Analysis.
Budgeted Nonparametric Learning from Data Streams.
Bayesian Multi-Task Reinforcement Learning.
Conditional Topic Random Fields.
Gaussian Processes Multiple Instance Learning.
Model-based reinforcement learning with nearly tight exploration complexity bounds.
Causal filter selection in microarray data.
Convergence, Targeted Optimality, and Safety in Multiagent Learning.
The Margin Perceptron with Unlearning.
On the Interaction between Norm and Dimensionality: Multiple Regimes in Learning.
Constructing States for Reinforcement Learning.
Boosting for Regression Transfer.
Discriminative Latent Variable Models for Object Detection.
A Stick-Breaking Construction of the Beta Process.
Metric Learning to Rank.
Multi-Class Pegasos on a Budget.
Spherical Topic Models.
The Elastic Embedding Algorithm for Dimensionality Reduction.
Label Ranking Methods based on the Plackett-Luce Model.
Modeling Interaction via the Principle of Maximum Causal Entropy.
Deep Supervised t-Distributed Embedding.
Accelerated dual decomposition for MAP inference.
From Transformation-Based Dimensionality Reduction to Feature Selection.
Multi-Task Learning of Gaussian Graphical Models.
Active Learning for Networked Data.
Total Variation, Cheeger Cuts.
A scalable trust-region algorithm with application to mixed-norm regression.
Label Ranking under Ambiguous Supervision for Learning Semantic Correspondences.
Efficient Selection of Multiple Bandit Arms: Theory and Practice.
Nonparametric Information Theoretic Clustering Algorithm.
Gaussian Process Optimization in the Bandit Setting: No Regret and Experimental Design.
A Theoretical Analysis of Feature Pooling in Visual Recognition.
Large Scale Max-Margin Multi-Label Classification with Priors.
A Simple Algorithm for Nuclear Norm Regularized Problems.
Learning from Noisy Side Information by Generalized Maximum Entropy Model.
The Role of Machine Learning in Business Optimization.
Heterogeneous Continuous Dynamic Bayesian Networks with Flexible Structure and Inter-Time Segment Information Sharing.
An Analysis of the Convergence of Graph Laplacians.
Active Learning for Multi-Task Adaptive Filtering.
Detecting Large-Scale System Problems by Mining Console Logs.
Generalization Bounds for Learning Kernels.
Deep networks for robust visual recognition.
Learning Sparse SVM for Feature Selection on Very High Dimensional Datasets.
Surrogating the surrogate: accelerating Gaussian-process-based global optimization with a mixture cross-entropy algorithm.
Estimation of (near) low-rank matrices with noise and high-dimensional scaling.
Graded Multilabel Classification: The Ordinal Case.
Feature Selection Using Regularization in Approximate Linear Programs for Markov Decision Processes.
Implicit Regularization in Variational Bayesian Matrix Factorization.
On the Consistency of Ranking Algorithms.
Climbing the Tower of Babel: Unsupervised Multilingual Learning.
Learning Fast Approximations of Sparse Coding.
Cognitive Models of Test-Item Effects in Human Category Learning.
Gaussian Covariance and Scalable Variational Inference.
Classes of Multiagent Q-learning Dynamics with epsilon-greedy Exploration.
Nonparametric Return Distribution Approximation for Reinforcement Learning.
Sequential Projection Learning for Hashing with Compact Codes.
Learning optimally diverse rankings over large document collections.
Transfer Learning for Collective Link Prediction in Multiple Heterogenous Domains.
Toward Off-Policy Learning Control with Function Approximation.
Learning Tree Conditional Random Fields.
Power Iteration Clustering.
Bottom-Up Learning of Markov Network Structure.
Web-Scale Bayesian Click-Through rate Prediction for Sponsored Search Advertising in Microsoft's Bing Search Engine.
Restricted Boltzmann Machines are Hard to Approximately Evaluate or Simulate.
Particle Filtered MCMC-MLE with Connections to Contrastive Divergence.
Large Graph Construction for Scalable Semi-Supervised Learning.
Learning Programs: A Hierarchical Bayesian Approach.
A Conditional Random Field for Multiple-Instance Learning.
Hilbert Space Embeddings of Hidden Markov Models.
Analysis of a Classification-based Policy Iteration Algorithm.
Mining Clustering Dimensions.
Finite-Sample Analysis of LSTD.
On Sparse Nonparametric Conditional Covariance Selection.
Unsupervised Risk Stratification in Clinical Datasets: Identifying Patients at Risk of Rare Outcomes.
Proximal Methods for Sparse Hierarchical Dictionary Learning.
Supervised Aggregation of Classifiers using Artificial Prediction Markets.
Boosting Classifiers with Tightened L0-Relaxation Penalties.
Boosted Backpropagation Learning for Training Deep Modular Networks.
The IBP Compound Dirichlet Process and its Application to Focused Topic Modeling.
Multiscale Wavelets on Trees, Graphs and High Dimensional Data: Theory and Applications to Semi Supervised Learning.
Multiple Non-Redundant Spectral Clustering Views.
Telling cause from effect based on high-dimensional observations.
A Fast Augmented Lagrangian Algorithm for Learning Low-Rank Matrices.
A DC Programming Approach for Sparse Eigenvalue Problem.
Learning Deep Boltzmann Machines using Adaptive MCMC.
Deep learning via Hessian-free optimization.
Multiagent Inductive Learning: an Argumentation-based Approach.
Dynamical Products of Experts for Modeling Financial Time Series.
Rectified Linear Units Improve Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
Interactive Submodular Set Cover.
Learning Markov Logic Networks Using Structural Motifs.
Bayes Optimal Multilabel Classification via Probabilistic Classifier Chains.
Distance dependent Chinese restaurant processes.
Online Prediction with Privacy.
Sparse Gaussian Process Regression via L1 Penalization.
Robust Graph Mode Seeking by Graph Shift.
On learning with kernels for unordered pairs.
Gaussian Process Change Point Models.
Robust Subspace Segmentation by Low-Rank Representation.
Comparing Clusterings in Space.
Feature Selection as a One-Player Game.
A Language-based Approach to Measuring Scholarly Impact.
Submodular Dictionary Selection for Sparse Representation.
Budgeted Distribution Learning of Belief Net Parameters.
Making Large-Scale Nyström Approximation Possible.
Convergence of Least Squares Temporal Difference Methods Under General Conditions.
Forgetting Counts: Constant Memory Inference for a Dependent Hierarchical Pitman-Yor Process.
Application of Machine Learning To Epileptic Seizure Detection.
Learning Hierarchical Riffle Independent Groupings from Rankings.
Continuous-Time Belief Propagation.
FAB-MAP: Appearance-Based Place Recognition and Mapping using a Learned Visual Vocabulary Model.
A fast natural Newton method.
Simple and Efficient Multiple Kernel Learning by Group Lasso.
Exploiting Data-Independence for Fast Belief-Propagation.
Bayesian Nonparametric Matrix Factorization for Recorded Music.
Inverse Optimal Control with Linearly-Solvable MDPs.
OTL: A Framework of Online Transfer Learning.
Random Spanning Trees and the Prediction of Weighted Graphs.
Proceedings of the Seventeenth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, IJCAI 2001, Seattle, Washington, USA, August 4-10, 2001
IJCAI-05, Proceedings of the Nineteenth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Edinburgh, Scotland, UK, July 30-August 5, 2005
IJCAI 2007, Proceedings of the 20th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Hyderabad, India, January 6-12, 2007
IJCAI 2009, Proceedings of the 21st International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Pasadena, California, USA, July 11-17, 2009
Advances in Data Mining. Applications and Theoretical Aspects, 9th Industrial Conference, ICDM 2009, Leipzig, Germany, July 20-22, 2009. Proceedings
Advances in Data Mining. Applications and Theoretical Aspects, 10th Industrial Conference, ICDM 2010, Berlin, Germany, July 12-14, 2010. Proceedings
Advances in Data Mining. Medical Applications, E-Commerce, Marketing, and Theoretical Aspects, 8th Industrial Conference, ICDM 2008, Leipzig, Germany, July 16-18, 2008, Proceedings
Advances in Data Mining. Theoretical Aspects and Applications, 7th Industrial Conference, ICDM 2007, Leipzig, Germany, July 14-18, 2007, Proceedings
Finding Irregularly Shaped Clusters Based on Entropy.
Combining Unsupervised and Supervised Data Mining Techniques for Conducting Customer Portfolio Analysis.
Combining Business Process and Data Discovery Techniques for Analyzing and Improving Integrated Care Pathways.
Hybrid DIAAF/RS: Statistical Textual Feature Selection for Language-Independent Text Classification.
Mining for Paths in Flow Graphs.
Event Prediction in Network Monitoring Systems: Performing Sequential Pattern Mining in Osmius Monitoring Tool.
Robust Clustering Using Discriminant Analysis.
Multi-Agent Based Clustering: Towards Generic Multi-Agent Data Mining.
Dynamic Pattern Extraction of Parameters in Laser Welding Process.
Image Classification Using Histograms and Time Series Analysis: A Study of Age-Related Macular Degeneration Screening in Retinal Image Data.
Trend Mining in Social Networks: A Study Using a Large Cattle Movement Database.
Processing Handwritten Words by Intelligent Use of OCR Results.
Modeling Pricing Strategies Using Game Theory and Support Vector Machines.
Determination of the Fault Quality Variables of a Multivariate Process Using Independent Component Analysis and Support Vector Machine.
Fuzzy Conceptual Clustering.
Mining Relationship Associations from Knowledge about Failures Using Ontology and Inference.
Semi-supervised Learning for False Alarm Reduction.
Interest-Determining Web Browser.
Moving Targets.
Evaluating the Quality of Clustering Algorithms Using Cluster Path Lengths.
Re-mining Positive and Negative Association Mining Results.
Managing Product Life Cycle with MultiAgent Data Mining System.
Predicting Disk Failures with HMM- and HSMM-Based Approaches.
Episode Rule-Based Prognosis Applied to Complex Vacuum Pumping Systems Using Vibratory Data.
Selection of High Risk Patients with Ranked Models Based on the CPL Criterion Functions.
Learning from Humanoid Cartoon Designs.
Mining Concept Similarities for Heterogeneous Ontologies.
Finding Temporal Patterns in Noisy Longitudinal Data: A Study in Diabetic Retinopathy.
Trajectory Clustering for Vibration Detection in Aircraft Engines.
Describing Data with the Support Vector Shell in Distributed Environments.
Data Mining with Neural Networks and Support Vector Machines Using the R/rminer Tool.
New Approach in Data Stream Association Rule Mining Based on Graph Structure.
Bioinformatics Contributions to Data Mining.
Regression Models for Spatial Data: An Example from Precision Agriculture.
Quantile Regression Model for Impact Toughness Estimation.
Medical Datasets Analysis: A Constructive Induction Approach.
A Semi-supervised Approach for Reject Inference in Credit Scoring Using SVMs.
Comparison of Redundancy and Relevance Measures for Feature Selection in Tissue Classification of CT Images.
Fast Training of Neural Networks for Image Compression.
Multimedia Summarization in Law Courts: A Clustering-Based Environment for Browsing and Consulting Judicial Folders.
Web-Site Boundary Detection.
Entropic Quadtrees and Mining Mars Craters.
Domain-Specific Identification of Topics and Trends in the Blogosphere.
Spam Email Filtering Using Network-Level Properties.
Aircraft Engine Health Monitoring Using Self-Organizing Maps.
The Orange Customer Analysis Platform.
Saliency-Based Candidate Inspection Region Extraction in Tape Automated Bonding.
Bootstrap Feature Selection for Ensemble Classifiers.
Selection of Effective Network Parameters in Attacks for Intrusion Detection.
An Application of Element Oriented Analysis Based Credit Scoring.
Proceedings of the Eighth ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, July 23-26, 2002, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
Proceedings of the Ninth ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Washington, DC, USA, August 24 - 27, 2003
Proceedings of the Tenth ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Seattle, Washington, USA, August 22-25, 2004
Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Chicago, Illinois, USA, August 21-24, 2005
Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Philadelphia, PA, USA, August 20-23, 2006
Proceedings of the 14th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Las Vegas, Nevada, USA, August 24-27, 2008
Proceedings of the 13th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, San Jose, California, USA, August 12-15, 2007
Proceedings of the 15th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Paris, France, June 28 - July 1, 2009
Proceedings of the 16th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Washington, DC, USA, July 25-28, 2010
Dynamics of conversations.
Discriminative topic modeling based on manifold learning.
Large linear classification when data cannot fit in memory.
Versatile publishing for privacy preservation.
Fast query execution for retrieval models based on path-constrained random walks.
Automatic malware categorization using cluster ensemble.
Malstone: towards a benchmark for analytics on large data clouds.
Fast euclidean minimum spanning tree: algorithm, analysis, and applications.
Active learning for biomedical citation screening.
Unifying dependent clustering and disparate clustering for non-homogeneous data.
Mining uncertain data with probabilistic guarantees.
Discovering frequent patterns in sensitive data.
Compressed fisher linear discriminant analysis: classification of randomly projected data.
Nonnegative shared subspace learning and its application to social media retrieval.
Negative correlations in collaboration: concepts and algorithms.
Multiple kernel learning for heterogeneous anomaly detection: algorithm and aviation safety case study.
Semantic relation extraction with kernels over typed dependency trees.
Fast nearest-neighbor search in disk-resident graphs.
BioSnowball: automated population of Wikis.
The topic-perspective model for social tagging systems.
Balanced allocation with succinct representation.
Feature selection for support vector regression using probabilistic prediction.
Transfer metric learning by learning task relationships.
Semi-supervised sparse metric learning using alternating linearization optimization.
Frequent regular itemset mining.
The next generation of transportation systems, greenhouse emissions, and data mining.
Extracting temporal signatures for comprehending systems biology models.
Medical coding classification by leveraging inter-code relationships.
Clustering by synchronization.
Temporal recommendation on graphs via long- and short-term preference fusion.
Probably the best itemsets.
TIARA: a visual exploratory text analytic system.
Growing a tree in the forest: constructing folksonomies by integrating structured metadata.
Using data mining techniques to address critical information exchange needs in disaster affected public-private networks.
Class-specific error bounds for ensemble classifiers.
Boosting with structure information in the functional space: an application to graph classification.
Inferring networks of diffusion and influence.
Grafting-light: fast, incremental feature selection and structure learning of Markov random fields.
Metric forensics: a multi-level approach for mining volatile graphs.
Semi-supervised feature selection for graph classification.
Estimating rates of rare events with multiple hierarchies through scalable log-linear models.
Towards mobility-based clustering.
Connecting the dots between news articles.
Tropical cyclone event sequence similarity search via dimensionality reduction and metric learning.
Finding effectors in social networks.
Document clustering via dirichlet process mixture model with feature selection.
Privacy-preserving outsourcing support vector machines with random transformation.
Beyond heuristics: learning to classify vulnerabilities and predict exploits.
UP-Growth: an efficient algorithm for high utility itemset mining.
Flexible constrained spectral clustering.
GLS-SOD: a generalized local statistical approach for spatial outlier detection.
DivRank: the interplay of prestige and diversity in information networks.
Mass estimation and its applications.
Unsupervised transfer classification: application to text categorization.
Parallel SimRank computation on large graphs with iterative aggregation.
Detecting abnormal coupled sequences and sequence changes in group-based manipulative trading behaviors.
Mining top-k frequent items in a data stream with flexible sliding windows.
Topic dynamics: an alternative model of bursts in streams of topics.
Community-based greedy algorithm for mining top-K influential nodes in mobile social networks.
Data mining with differential privacy.
Discovery of significant emerging trends.
Mining advisor-advisee relationships from research publication networks.
Suggesting friends using the implicit social graph.
Data winnowing.
Scalable similarity search with optimized kernel hashing.
Scalable influence maximization for prevalent viral marketing in large-scale social networks.
Overlapping experiment infrastructure: more, better, faster experimentation.
Unsupervised feature selection for multi-cluster data.
Online discovery and maintenance of time series motifs.
A hierarchical information theoretic technique for the discovery of non linear alternative clusterings.
The quantification of advertising: (+ lessons from building businesses based on large scale data mining).
The new iris data: modular data generators.
An efficient algorithm for a class of fused lasso problems.
Mining positive and negative patterns for relevance feature discovery.
Ensemble pruning via individual contribution ordering.
Learning with cost intervals.
Diagnosing memory leaks using graph mining on heap dumps.
Discovering significant relaxed order-preserving submatrices.
DUST: a generalized notion of similarity between uncertain time series.
Mining program workflow from interleaved traces.
Combined regression and ranking.
An efficient causal discovery algorithm for linear models.
On community outliers and their efficient detection in information networks.
Data mining to predict and prevent errors in health insurance claims processing.
Evolutionary hierarchical dirichlet processes for multiple correlated time-varying corpora.
Latent aspect rating analysis on review text data: a rating regression approach.
Multi-label learning by exploiting label dependency.
Learning to combine discriminative classifiers: confidence based.
Training and testing of recommender systems on data missing not at random.
Fast online learning through offline initialization for time-sensitive recommendation.
Online multiscale dynamic topic models.
An energy-efficient mobile recommender system.
Why label when you can search?: alternatives to active learning for applying human resources to build classification models under extreme class imbalance.
Social action tracking via noise tolerant time-varying factor graphs.
Neighbor query friendly compression of social networks.
Cold start link prediction.
Direct mining of discriminative patterns for classifying uncertain data.
A probabilistic model for personalized tag prediction.
The community-search problem and how to plan a successful cocktail party.
PET: a statistical model for popular events tracking in social communities.
Evaluating online ad campaigns in a pipeline: causal models at scale.
Multi-task learning for boosting with application to web search ranking.
Combining predictions for accurate recommender systems.
An integrated machine learning approach to stroke prediction.
Optimizing debt collections using constrained reinforcement learning.
Discovering frequent subgraphs over uncertain graph databases under probabilistic semantics.
MineFleet®: an overview of a widely adopted distributed vehicle performance data mining system.
k-Support anonymity based on pseudo taxonomy for outsourcing of frequent itemset mining.
Trust network inference for online rating data using generative models.
Modeling relational events via latent classes.
Topic models with power-law using Pitman-Yor process.
Data mining in the online services industry.
Mixture models for learning low-dimensional roles in high-dimensional data.
Generative models for ticket resolution in expert networks.
On the quality of inferring interests from social neighbors.
Exploitation and exploration in a performance based contextual advertising system.
User browsing models: relevance versus examination.
Learning incoherent sparse and low-rank patterns from multiple tasks.
Designing efficient cascaded classifiers: tradeoff between accuracy and cost.
A scalable two-stage approach for a class of dimensionality reduction techniques.
Redefining class definitions using constraint-based clustering: an application to remote sensing of the earth's surface.
New perspectives and methods in link prediction.
Universal multi-dimensional scaling.
Mining periodic behaviors for moving objects.
Collusion-resistant privacy-preserving data mining.
Research and Development in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Second Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD-98, Melbourne, Australia, April 15-17, 1998, Proceedings
Methodologies for Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Third Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD-99, Beijing, China, April 26-28, 1999, Proceedings
Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Current Issues and New Applications, 4th Pacific-Asia Conference, PADKK 2000, Kyoto, Japan, April 18-20, 2000, Proceedings
Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining - PAKDD 2001, 5th Pacific-Asia Conference, Hong Kong, China, April 16-18, 2001, Proceedings
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, 6th Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD 2002, Taipei, Taiwan, May 6-8, 2002, Proceedings
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, 7th Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD 2003, Seoul, Korea, April 30 - May 2, 2003, Proceedings
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, 8th Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD 2004, Sydney, Australia, May 26-28, 2004, Proceedings
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, 9th Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD 2005, Hanoi, Vietnam, May 18-20, 2005, Proceedings
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, 10th Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD 2006, Singapore, April 9-12, 2006, Proceedings
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, 11th Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD 2007, Nanjing, China, May 22-25, 2007, Proceedings
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, 12th Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD 2008, Osaka, Japan, May 20-23, 2008 Proceedings
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, 13th Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD 2009, Bangkok, Thailand, April 27-30, 2009, Proceedings
Efficient Deep Web Crawling Using Reinforcement Learning.
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, 14th Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD 2010, Hyderabad, India, June 21-24, 2010. Proceedings. Part II
Multi-Source Skyline Queries Processing in Multi-Dimensional Space.
A Robust Seedless Algorithm for Correlation Clustering.
Multivariate Equi-width Data Swapping for Private Data Publication.
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, 14th Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD 2010, Hyderabad, India, June 21-24, 2010. Proceedings. Part I
Empower People with Knowledge: The Next Frontier for Web Search.
Privacy-Preserving Network Aggregation.
Most Significant Substring Mining Based on Chi-square Measure.
Mining Trajectory Corridors Using Fréchet Distance and Meshing Grids.
Efficiently Finding the Best Parameter for the Emerging Pattern-Based Classifier PCL.
SkyDist: Data Mining on Skyline Objects.
Using Association Rules to Solve the Cold-Start Problem in Recommender Systems.
Spatial Clustering with Obstacles Constraints by Dynamic Piecewise-Mapped and Nonlinear Inertia Weights PSO.
On Finding the Natural Number of Topics with Latent Dirichlet Allocation: Some Observations.
Mining Wikipedia and Yahoo! Answers for Question Expansion in Opinion QA.
Online Sampling of High Centrality Individuals in Social Networks.
A Better Strategy of Discovering Link-Pattern Based Communities by Classical Clustering Methods.
Mining Closed Episodes from Event Sequences Efficiently.
TWave: High-Order Analysis of Spatiotemporal Data.
UNN: A Neural Network for Uncertain Data Classification.
Game Theoretic Approaches to Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining.
Computation of Ratios of Secure Summations in Multi-party Privacy-Preserving Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
Efficient Pattern Mining of Uncertain Data with Sampling.
Correspondence Clustering: An Approach to Cluster Multiple Related Spatial Datasets.
iVAT and aVAT: Enhanced Visual Analysis for Cluster Tendency Assessment.
Integrative Parameter-Free Clustering of Data with Mixed Type Attributes.
Satisfying Privacy Requirements: One Step before Anonymization.
Vocabulary Filtering for Term Weighting in Archived Question Search.
Rough Margin Based Core Vector Machine.
Hiding Emerging Patterns with Local Recoding Generalization.
Answer Diversification for Complex Question Answering on the Web.
An Efficient GA-Based Algorithm for Mining Negative Sequential Patterns.
Mining Antagonistic Communities from Social Networks.
Supervising Latent Topic Model for Maximum-Margin Text Classification and Regression.
Data Transformation for Sum Squared Residue.
Discovery of Patterns in Global Earth Science Data Using Data Mining.
BoostML: An Adaptive Metric Learning for Nearest Neighbor Classification.
As Time Goes by: Discovering Eras in Evolving Social Networks.
A New Emerging Pattern Mining Algorithm and Its Application in Supervised Classification.
Subseries Join: A Similarity-Based Time Series Match Approach.
Anonymizing Transaction Data by Integrating Suppression and Generalization.
A Novel Scalable Multi-class ROC for Effective Visualization and Computation.
Resource-Bounded Information Extraction: Acquiring Missing Feature Values on Demand.
Cost-Sensitive Listwise Ranking Approach.
Estimate on Expectation for Influence Maximization in Social Networks.
Valency Based Weighted Association Rule Mining.
Ranking Sequential Patterns with Respect to Significance.
Semi-supervised Tag Recommendation - Using Untagged Resources to Mitigate Cold-Start Problems.
A Set Correlation Model for Partitional Clustering.
Classifier Ensemble for Uncertain Data Stream Classification.
Probabilistic User Modeling in the Presence of Drifting Concepts.
Mining Association Rules in Long Sequences.
Distributed Knowledge Discovery with Non Linear Dimensionality Reduction.
A Framework for SQL-Based Mining of Large Graphs on Relational Databases.
Finding Itemset-Sharing Patterns in a Large Itemset-Associated Graph.
Hierarchical Web-Page Clustering via In-Page and Cross-Page Link Structures.
Combining Support Vector Machines and the -statistic for Gene Selection in DNA Microarray Data Analysis.
Fast Discovery of Reliable -terminal Subgraphs.
Opinion-Based Imprecise Query Answering.
Subclass-Oriented Dimension Reduction with Constraint Transformation and Manifold Regularization.
DPSP: Distributed Progressive Sequential Pattern Mining on the Cloud.
oddball: Spotting Anomalies in Weighted Graphs.
Relationship between Diversity and Correlation in Multi-Classifier Systems.
GTRACE2: Improving Performance Using Labeled Union Graphs.
Subgraph Mining on Directed and Weighted Graphs.
Supervised Learning with Minimal Effort.
Adaptive Matching Based Kernels for Labelled Graphs.
Classification and Pattern Discovery of Mood in Weblogs.
Ontology-Based Mining of Brainwaves: A Sequence Similarity Technique for Mapping Alternative Features in Event-Related Potentials (ERP) Data.
Semantic-Distance Based Clustering for XML Keyword Search.
Bulk Loading Hierarchical Mixture Models for Efficient Stream Classification.
Blog Opinion Retrieval Based on Topic-Opinion Mixture Model.
A New Framework for Dissimilarity and Similarity Learning.
Subsequence Matching of Stream Synopses under the Time Warping Distance.
A Novel Prototype Reduction Method for the -Nearest Neighbor Algorithm with >= 1.
Learning Gradients with Gaussian Processes.
Ensemble Learning Based on Multi-Task Class Labels.
Satrap: Data and Network Heterogeneity Aware P2P Data-Mining.
EigenSpokes: Surprising Patterns and Scalable Community Chipping in Large Graphs.
Relevant Gene Selection Using Normalized Cut Clustering with Maximal Compression Similarity Measure.
Player Performance Prediction in Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Games (MMORPGs).
Generating Diverse Ensembles to Counter the Problem of Class Imbalance.
An Approach for Fast Hierarchical Agglomerative Clustering Using Graphics Processors with CUDA.
Feature Subsumption for Sentiment Classification in Multiple Languages.
Generalized Two-Dimensional FLD Method for Feature Extraction: An Application to Face Recognition.
Compact Margin Machine.
Fast Orthogonal Nonnegative Matrix Tri-Factorization for Simultaneous Clustering.
Classification and Novel Class Detection in Data Streams with Active Mining.
BASSET: Scalable Gateway Finder in Large Graphs.
Rule Synthesizing from Multiple Related Databases.
Decentralisation of ScoreFinder: A Framework for Credibility Management on User-Generated Contents.
Normalized Kernels as Similarity Indices.
Fast Perceptron Decision Tree Learning from Evolving Data Streams.
Mining Numbers in Text Using Suffix Arrays and Clustering Based on Dirichlet Process Mixture Models.
Orthogonal Nonnegative Matrix Tri-factorization for Semi-supervised Document Co-clustering.
Efficient Trade-Off between Speed Processing and Accuracy in Summarizing Data Streams.
Summarizing Multidimensional Data Streams: A Hierarchy-Graph-Based Approach.
Robust Outlier Detection Using Commute Time and Eigenspace Embedding.
Capture of Evidence for Summarization: An Application of Enhanced Subjective Logic.
Analyzing the Role of Dimension Arrangement for Data Visualization in Radviz.
Topic Decomposition and Summarization.
Principles of Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery, First European Symposium, PKDD '97, Trondheim, Norway, June 24-27, 1997, Proceedings
Principles of Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery, Second European Symposium, PKDD '98, Nantes, France, September 23-26, 1998, Proceedings
Principles of Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery, Third European Conference, PKDD '99, Prague, Czech Republic, September 15-18, 1999, Proceedings
Principles of Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery, 4th European Conference, PKDD 2000, Lyon, France, September 13-16, 2000, Proceedings
Principles of Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery, 5th European Conference, PKDD 2001, Freiburg, Germany, September 3-5, 2001, Proceedings
Principles of Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery, 6th European Conference, PKDD 2002, Helsinki, Finland, August 19-23, 2002, Proceedings
Knowledge Discovery in Databases: PKDD 2003, 7th European Conference on Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases, Cavtat-Dubrovnik, Croatia, September 22-26, 2003, Proceedings
Knowledge Discovery in Databases: PKDD 2004, 8th European Conference on Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases, Pisa, Italy, September 20-24, 2004, Proceedings
Knowledge Discovery in Databases: PKDD 2005, 9th European Conference on Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases, Porto, Portugal, October 3-7, 2005, Proceedings
Knowledge Discovery in Databases: PKDD 2006, 10th European Conference on Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases, Berlin, Germany, September 18-22, 2006, Proceedings
Knowledge Discovery in Databases: PKDD 2007, 11th European Conference on Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases, Warsaw, Poland, September 17-21, 2007, Proceedings
Structure Is Informative: On Mining Structured Information Networks.
Asking Generalized Queries to Ambiguous Oracle.
Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases, European Conference, ECML/PKDD 2008, Antwerp, Belgium, September 15-19, 2008, Proceedings, Part II
Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases, European Conference, ECML/PKDD 2008, Antwerp, Belgium, September 15-19, 2008, Proceedings, Part I
Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases, European Conference, ECML PKDD 2009, Bled, Slovenia, September 7-11, 2009, Proceedings, Part I
Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases, European Conference, ECML PKDD 2009, Bled, Slovenia, September 7-11, 2009, Proceedings, Part II
Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases, European Conference, ECML PKDD 2010, Barcelona, Spain, September 20-24, 2010, Proceedings, Part I
Learning to Tag from Open Vocabulary Labels.
Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases, European Conference, ECML PKDD 2010, Barcelona, Spain, September 20-24, 2010, Proceedings, Part II
AnswerArt - Contextualized Question Answering.
Synchronization Based Outlier Detection.
Large Margin Learning of Bayesian Classifiers Based on Gaussian Mixture Models.
CET: A Tool for Creative Exploration of Graphs.
Fast Active Exploration for Link-Based Preference Learning Using Gaussian Processes.
Topic Models Conditioned on Relations.
KDTA: Automated Knowledge-Driven Text Annotation.
Directed Graph Learning via High-Order Co-linkage Analysis.
Selecting Information Diffusion Models over Social Networks for Behavioral Analysis.
Cross Validation Framework to Choose amongst Models and Datasets for Transfer Learning.
Efficient and Numerically Stable Sparse Learning.
: Subspace Outlier Ranking Exploration Toolkit.
Detecting Events in a Million New York Times Articles.
Fast and Scalable Algorithms for Semi-supervised Link Prediction on Static and Dynamic Graphs.
Entropy and Margin Maximization for Structured Output Learning.
Fast, Effective Molecular Feature Mining by Local Optimization.
Laplacian Spectrum Learning.
Large-Scale Support Vector Learning with Structural Kernels.
Variational Bayesian Mixture of Robust CCA Models.
Learning with Ensembles of Randomized Trees : New Insights.
Incorporating Domain Models into Bayesian Optimization for RL.
Competitive Online Generalized Linear Regression under Square Loss.
Unsupervised Trajectory Sampling.
NewsGist: A Multilingual Statistical News Summarizer.
X-SDR: An Extensible Experimentation Suite for Dimensionality Reduction.
QUEST: Query Expansion Using Synonyms over Time.
Online Structural Graph Clustering Using Frequent Subgraph Mining.
Nonparametric Bayesian Clustering Ensembles.
Semi-supervised Projection Clustering with Transferred Centroid Regularization.
Adapting Decision DAGs for Multipartite Ranking.
Experience STORIES: A Visual News Search and Summarization System.
Surprising Patterns for the Call Duration Distribution of Mobile Phone Users.
Virus Propagation on Time-Varying Networks: Theory and Immunization Algorithms.
Efficient Planning in Large POMDPs through Policy Graph Based Factorized Approximations.
-Version-Space Multi-class Classification Based on -Consistency Tests.
Permutation Testing Improves Bayesian Network Learning.
Learning Sparse Gaussian Markov Networks Using a Greedy Coordinate Ascent Approach.
Real-Time News Recommender System.
Shift-Invariant Grouped Multi-task Learning for Gaussian Processes.
Complexity Bounds for Batch Active Learning in Classification.
Example-dependent Basis Vector Selection for Kernel-Based Classifiers.
Adverse Drug Reaction Mining in Pharmacovigilance Data Using Formal Concept Analysis.
Exploring Real Mobility Data with M-Atlas.
Many-to-Many Graph Matching: A Continuous Relaxation Approach.
Flu Detector - Tracking Epidemics on Twitter.
An Efficient and Scalable Algorithm for Local Bayesian Network Structure Discovery.
Fast Extraction of Locally Optimal Patterns Based on Consistent Pattern Function Variations.
Modeling Relations and Their Mentions without Labeled Text.
Classification and Novel Class Detection of Data Streams in a Dynamic Feature Space.
On Detecting Clustered Anomalies Using SCiForest.
Efficient Confident Search in Large Review Corpora.
Summarising Data by Clustering Items.
NDPMine: Efficiently Mining Discriminative Numerical Features for Pattern-Based Classification.
Constrained Parameter Estimation for Semi-supervised Learning: The Case of the Nearest Mean Classifier.
Exploiting Causal Independence in Markov Logic Networks: Combining Undirected and Directed Models.
Topic Modeling for Personalized Recommendation of Volatile Items.
First-Order Bayes-Ball.
Learning with Randomized Majority Votes.
Bayesian Knowledge Corroboration with Logical Rules and User Feedback.
Learning an Affine Transformation for Non-linear Dimensionality Reduction.
Automatic Model Adaptation for Complex Structured Domains.
Recognition of Instrument Timbres in Real Polytimbral Audio Recordings.
Demand-Driven Tag Recommendation.
Evolutionary Dynamics of Regret Minimization.
Collective Traffic Forecasting.
Exploration in Relational Worlds.
Conditional Ranking on Relational Data.
A Robustness Measure of Association Rules.
Latent Structure Pattern Mining.
Integrating Constraint Programming and Itemset Mining.
Hidden Conditional Ordinal Random Fields for Sequence Classification.
Learning from Demonstration Using MDP Induced Metrics.
Finding Critical Nodes for Inhibiting Diffusion of Complex Contagions in Social Networks.
Online Learning in Adversarial Lipschitz Environments.
A Unifying View of Multiple Kernel Learning.
Solving Structured Sparsity Regularization with Proximal Methods.
Hub Gene Selection Methods for the Reconstruction of Transcription Networks.
Graphical Multi-way Models.
Adaptive Bases for Reinforcement Learning.
On Classifying Drifting Concepts in P2P Networks.
Mining Experimental Data for Dynamical Invariants - From Cognitive Robotics to Computational Biology.
Intelligent Interaction with the Real World.
Coniunge et Impera: Multiple-Graph Mining for Query-Log Analysis.
Gaussian Processes for Sample Efficient Reinforcement Learning with RMAX-Like Exploration.
Software-Defect Localisation by Mining Dataflow-Enabled Call Graphs.
Smarter Sampling in Model-Based Bayesian Reinforcement Learning.
Bagging for Biclustering: Application to Microarray Data.
Sparse Unsupervised Dimensionality Reduction Algorithms.
Kantorovich Distances between Rankings with Applications to Rank Aggregation.
Constructing Nonlinear Discriminants from Multiple Data Views.
Predictive Distribution Matching SVM for Multi-domain Learning.
Porting Decision Tree Algorithms to Multicore Using FastFlow.
Graph Regularized Transductive Classification on Heterogeneous Information Networks.
Regret Analysis for Performance Metrics in Multi-Label Classification: The Case of Hamming and Subset Zero-One Loss.
A Unified Approach to Active Dual Supervision for Labeling Features and Examples.
Feature Selection for Reinforcement Learning: Evaluating Implicit State-Reward Dependency via Conditional Mutual Information.
Euclidean Distances, Soft and Spectral Clustering on Weighted Graphs.
ITCH: Information-Theoretic Cluster Hierarchies.
Formal Theory of Fun and Creativity.
Leveraging Bagging for Evolving Data Streams.
Learning Algorithms for Link Prediction Based on Chance Constraints.
Predicting Partial Orders: Ranking with Abstention.
Process Mining Meets Abstract Interpretation.
Expectation Propagation for Bayesian Multi-task Feature Selection.
Temporal Maximum Margin Markov Network.
Classification with Sums of Separable Functions.
Hierarchical Learning Machines and Neuroscience of Visual Cortex.
Weighted Symbols-Based Edit Distance for String-Structured Image Classification.
Characteristic Kernels on Structured Domains Excel in Robotics and Human Action Recognition.
Analysis of Large Multi-modal Social Networks: Patterns and a Generator.
A Cluster-Level Semi-supervision Model for Interactive Clustering.
Mining Billion-Node Graphs: Patterns, Generators and Tools.
A Concise Representation of Association Rules Using Minimal Predictive Rules.
Vector Field Learning via Spectral Filtering.
Induction of Concepts in Web Ontologies through Terminological Decision Trees.
Clustering Vessel Trajectories with Alignment Kernels under Trajectory Compression.
Exploration-Exploitation of Eye Movement Enriched Multiple Feature Spaces for Content-Based Image Retrieval.
Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases, European Conference, ECML PKDD 2010, Barcelona, Spain, September 20-24, 2010, Proceedings, Part III
Adaptive Parallel/Serial Sampling Mechanisms for Particle Filtering in Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
Semi-supervised Abstraction-Augmented String Kernel for Multi-level Bio-Relation Extraction.
Online Knowledge-Based Support Vector Machines.
Improved MinMax Cut Graph Clustering with Nonnegative Relaxation.
Proceedings of the Twenty-third ACM SIGACT-SIGMOD-SIGART Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, June 14-16, 2004, Paris, France
Proceedings of the Twenty-fourth ACM SIGACT-SIGMOD-SIGART Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, June 13-15, 2005, Baltimore, Maryland, USA
Proceedings of the Twenty-Fifth ACM SIGACT-SIGMOD-SIGART Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, June 26-28, 2006, Chicago, Illinois, USA
Proceedings of the Twenty-Sixth ACM SIGACT-SIGMOD-SIGART Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, June 11-13, 2007, Beijing, China
Proceedings of the Twenty-Seventh ACM SIGMOD-SIGACT-SIGART Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, PODS 2008, June 9-11, 2008, Vancouver, BC, Canada
Proceedings of the Twenty-Eigth ACM SIGMOD-SIGACT-SIGART Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, PODS 2009, June 19 - July 1, 2009, Providence, Rhode Island, USA
The ACM PODS Alberto O. Mendelzon test-of-time-award 2010.
Proceedings of the Twenty-Ninth ACM SIGMOD-SIGACT-SIGART Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, PODS 2010, June 6-11, 2010, Indianapolis, Indiana, USA
Understanding cardinality estimation using entropy maximization.
Datalog redux: experience and conjecture.
Computing query probability with incidence algebras.
An optimal algorithm for the distinct elements problem.
When data dependencies over SQL tables meet the logics of paradox and S-3.
Understanding queries in a search database system.
Foundations of schema mapping management.
On probabilistic fixpoint and Markov chain query languages.
Optimal sampling from distributed streams.
Positive higher-order queries.
Information complexity: a tutorial.
Universally optimal privacy mechanisms for minimax agents.
A learning algorithm for top-down XML transformations.
Simplifying XML schema: single-type approximations of regular tree languages.
Certain answers for XML queries.
Expressive languages for path queries over graph-structured data.
Incremental query evaluation in a ring of databases.
Performance guarantees for B-trees with different-sized atomic keys.
Transducing Markov sequences.
Characterizing schema mappings via data examples.
Optimizing linear counting queries under differential privacy.
Capturing missing tuples and missing values.
Cache-oblivious hashing.
From information to knowledge: harvesting entities and relationships from web sources.
Towards an axiomatization of statistical privacy and utility.
On the first-order expressibility of computing certain answers to conjunctive queries over uncertain databases.
Schema design for XML repositories: complexity and tractability.
Fast Manhattan sketches in data streams.
The power of tree projections: local consistency, greedy algorithms, and larger islands of tractability.
Semantic query optimization in the presence of types.
Proceedings of the Second SIAM International Conference on Data Mining, Arlington, VA, USA, April 11-13, 2002
Proceedings of the Third SIAM International Conference on Data Mining, San Francisco, CA, USA, May 1-3, 2003
Proceedings of the Fourth SIAM International Conference on Data Mining, Lake Buena Vista, Florida, USA, April 22-24, 2004
Proceedings of the Sixth SIAM International Conference on Data Mining, April 20-22, 2006, Bethesda, MD, USA
Proceedings of the SIAM International Conference on Data Mining, SDM 2008, April 24-26, 2008, Atlanta, Georgia, USA
Proceedings of the Seventh SIAM International Conference on Data Mining, April 26-28, 2007, Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA
Proceedings of the SIAM International Conference on Data Mining, SDM 2010, April 29 - May 1, 2010, Columbus, Ohio, USA
Proceedings of the SIAM International Conference on Data Mining, SDM 2009, April 30 - May 2, 2009, Sparks, Nevada, USA
Convex Principal Feature Selection.
A Robust Decision Tree Algorithm for Imbalanced Data Sets.
Message from the Conference Co-Chairs and Acknowledgments.
Subspace Clustering for Uncertain Data.
Alleviating the Sparsity Problem in Collaborative Filtering by Using an Adapted Distance and a Graph-Based Method.
Towards Finding Valuable Topics.
Learning Compressible Models.
Reconstruction from Randomized Graph via Low Rank Approximation.
Active Ordering of Interactive Prediction Tasks.
Cross-Selling Optimization for Customized Promotion.
A Probabilistic Framework to Learn from Multiple Annotators with Time-Varying Accuracy.
On Classification of High-Cardinality Data Streams.
Bridging Domains with Words: Opinion Analysis with Matrix Tri-factorizations.
Mining Top-K Patterns from Binary Datasets in Presence of Noise.
Single-Pass Distributed Learning of Multi-class SVMs Using Core-Sets.
Spectral and Semidefinite Relaxation of the CLUHSIC Algorithm.
On Mining Statistically Significant Attribute Association Information.
On Multidimensional Sharpening of Uncertain Data.
Reconstructing Randomized Social Networks.
Two-View Transductive Support Vector Machines.
Do You Trust to Get Trust? A Study of Trust Reciprocity Behaviors and Reciprocal Trust Prediction.
Time-Series Classification in Many Intrinsic Dimensions.
Formal Concept Sampling for Counting and Threshold-Free Local Pattern Mining.
An Integrative Approach to Indentifying Biologically Relevant Genes.
A Compression Based Distance Measure for Texture.
Fast and Accurate Gene Prediction by Decision Tree Classification.
Directed Network Community Detection: A Popularity and Productivity Link Model.
MACH: Fast Randomized Tensor Decompositions.
GraSS: Graph Structure Summarization.
Mining Frequent Graph Sequence Patterns Induced by Vertices.
A Heterogeneous Label Propagation Algorithm for Disease Gene Discovery.
Fast Implementation of ℓRegularized Learning Algorithms Using Gradient Descent Methods.
Inferring Probability Distributions of Graph Size and Node Degree from Stochastic Graph Grammars.
Co-selection of Features and Instances for Unsupervised Rare Category Analysis.
Mining Actionable Subspace Clusters in Sequential Data.
Improving Accessibility of Transaction-centric Web Objects.
p-ISOMAP: An Efficient Parametric Update for ISOMAP for Visual Analytics.
Unsupervised Discovery of Abnormal Activity Occurrences in Multi-dimensional Time Series, with Applications in Wearable Systems.
Spectral Analysis of Signed Graphs for Clustering, Prediction and Visualization.
Robust Mining of Time Intervals with Semi-interval Partial Order Patterns.
Exploiting Associations between Word Clusters and Document Classes for Cross-Domain Text Categorization.
HCDF: A Hybrid Community Discovery Framework.
Publishing Skewed Sensitive Microdata.
An Integrated Framework for Simultaneous Classification and Regression of Time-Series Data.
The Application of Statistical Relational Learning to a Database of Criminal and Terrorist Activity.
ContexTour: Contextual Contour Analysis on Dynamic Multi-relational Clustering.
Collaborative Filtering: Weighted Nonnegative Matrix Factorization Incorporating User and Item Graphs.
On Low-Rank Updates to the Singular Value and Tucker Decompositions.
Generation of Alternative Clusterings Using the CAMI Approach.
Multi-label Classification without the Multi-label Cost.
A SAT-based Framework for Efficient Constrained Clustering.
Radius Plots for Mining Tera-byte Scale Graphs: Algorithms, Patterns, and Observations.
Generalized and Heuristic-Free Feature Construction for Improved Accuracy.
On the Use of Combining Rules in Relational Probability Trees.
Cascading Spatio-temporal Pattern Discovery: A Summary of Results.
Multiresolution Motif Discovery in Time Series.
Exact Passive-Aggressive Algorithm for Multiclass Classification Using Support Class.
Frequentness-Transition Queries for Distinctive Pattern Mining from Time-Segmented Databases.
An Information-Theoretic Approach to Finding Informative Noisy Tiles in Binary Databases.
Semi-supervised Bio-named Entity Recognition with Word-Codebook Learning.
Residual Bayesian Co-clustering for Matrix Approximation.
Predicting Customer Churn in Mobile Networks through Analysis of Social Groups.
On Clustering Graph Streams.
Fast Stochastic Frank-Wolfe Algorithms for Nonlinear SVMs.
Indentifying Multi-instance Outliers.
Fast Single-Pair SimRank Computation.
Mining Maximally Banded Matrices in Binary Data.
Adaptive Informative Sampling for Active Learning.
Temporal Collaborative Filtering with Bayesian Probabilistic Tensor Factorization.
A Generalized Tree Matching Algorithm Considering Nested Lists for Web Data Extraction.
Evaluating Query Result Significance in Databases via Randomizations.
Naive Bayes Classifier for Positive Unlabeled Learning with Uncertainty.
Making k-means Even Faster.
Nonnegative Principal Component Analysis for Proteomic Tumor Profiles.
Text Categorization Using Word Similarities Based on Higher Order Co-occurrences.
Confidence-Based Feature Acquisition to Minimize Training and Test Costs.
Direct Density Ratio Estimation with Dimensionality Reduction.
The Generalized Dimensionality Reduction Problem.
Efficient Nonnegative Matrix Factorization with Random Projections.
A Permutation Approach to Validation.
Predictive Modeling with Heterogeneous Sources.
Scalable Tensor Factorizations with Missing Data.
Consecutive Ones Property and Spectral Ordering.
SIGIR 2001: Proceedings of the 24th Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, September 9-13, 2001, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA
SIGIR 2002: Proceedings of the 25th Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, August 11-15, 2002, Tampere, Finland
SIGIR 2003: Proceedings of the 26th Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, July 28 - August 1, 2003, Toronto, Canada
SIGIR 2004: Proceedings of the 27th Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, Sheffield, UK, July 25-29, 2004
SIGIR 2005: Proceedings of the 28th Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, Salvador, Brazil, August 15-19, 2005
SIGIR 2006: Proceedings of the 29th Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, Seattle, Washington, USA, August 6-11, 2006
SIGIR 2007: Proceedings of the 30th Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, July 23-27, 2007
Proceedings of the 31st Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR 2008, Singapore, July 20-24, 2008
Proceedings of the 32nd Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR 2009, Boston, MA, USA, July 19-23, 2009
Re-examination on lam% in spam filtering.
Agro-Gator: digesting experts, logs, and N-grams.
Proceeding of the 33rd International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR 2010, Geneva, Switzerland, July 19-23, 2010
HCC: a hierarchical co-clustering algorithm.
A network-based model for high-dimensional information filtering.
Entropy descriptor for image classification.
Evaluating verbose query processing techniques.
On the existence of obstinate results in vector space models.
Transitive history-based query disambiguation for query reformulation.
Evaluating and predicting answer quality in community QA.
Query log analysis in the context of information retrieval for children.
Ranking using multiple document types in desktop search.
Extraction of open-domain class attributes from text: building blocks for faceted search.
A stack decoder approach to approximate string matching.
The importance of anchor text for ad hoc search revisited.
Metrics for assessing sets of subtopics.
Query similarity by projecting the query-flow graph.
From federated to aggregated search.
Mining adjacent markets from a large-scale ads video collection for image advertising.
Context aware query classification using dynamic query window and relationship net.
Learning to efficiently rank.
Where to start filtering redundancy?: a cluster-based approach.
Exploring the use of labels to shortcut search trails.
Reusable test collections through experimental design.
On statistical analysis and optimization of information retrieval effectiveness metrics.
Learning to select rankers.
Analysis of structural relationships for hierarchical cluster labeling.
Aspect presence verification conditional on other aspects.
iCollaborate: harvesting value from enterprise web usage.
Semi-supervised spam filtering using aggressive consistency learning.
Introduction to probabilistic models in IR.
The value of visual elements in web search.
Query recovery of short user queries: on query expansion with stopwords.
Unsupervised estimation of dirichlet smoothing parameters.
Supervised query modeling using wikipedia.
Capturing page freshness for web search.
Achieving high accuracy retrieval using intra-document term ranking.
Learning to rank only using training data from related domain.
Understanding web browsing behaviors through Weibull analysis of dwell time.
Multi-view clustering of multilingual documents.
Flickr group recommendation based on tensor decomposition.
Information retrieval challenges in computational advertising.
High precision opinion retrieval using sentiment-relevance flows.
Using statistical decision theory and relevance models for query-performance prediction.
Estimating advertisability of tail queries for sponsored search.
S-PLASA+: adaptive sentiment analysis with application to sales performance prediction.
Caching search engine results over incremental indices.
Assessing the scenic route: measuring the value of search trails in web logs.
Comparing the sensitivity of information retrieval metrics.
Score distribution models: assumptions, intuition, and robustness to score manipulation.
Visual concept-based selection of query expansions for spoken content retrieval.
Query term ranking based on dependency parsing of verbose queries.
Low cost evaluation in information retrieval.
A picture is worth a thousand search results: finding child-oriented multimedia results with collAge.
: diversification for keyword search over structured databases.
From fusion to re-ranking: a semantic approach.
Properties of optimally weighted data fusion in CBMIR.
A data-parallel toolkit for information retrieval.
Crowdsourcing a wikipedia vandalism corpus.
SED: supervised experimental design and its application to text classification.
Ready to buy or just browsing?: detecting web searcher goals from interaction data.
Can search systems detect users' task difficulty?: some behavioral signals.
Self-taught hashing for fast similarity search.
Positional relevance model for pseudo-relevance feedback.
PRES: a score metric for evaluating recall-oriented information retrieval applications.
Probabilistic latent maximal marginal relevance.
Clicked phrase document expansion for sponsored search ad retrieval.
Multi-modal query expansion for web video search.
Combining coregularization and consensus-based self-training for multilingual text categorization.
Late fusion of compact composite descriptorsfor retrieval from heterogeneous image databases.
Hierarchical pitman-yor language model for information retrieval.
Incorporating post-click behaviors into a click model.
Segmentation of multi-sentence questions: towards effective question retrieval in cQA services.
User centered story tracking.
Automatic content linking: speech-based just-in-time retrieval for multimedia archives.
Has portfolio theory got any principles?
Using local precision to compare search engines in consumer health information retrieval.
A user behavior model for average precision and its generalization to graded judgments.
Incorporating global information into named entity recognition systems using relational context.
A comparison of general vs personalised affective models for the prediction of topical relevance.
Studying trailfinding algorithms for enhanced web search.
Prototype hierarchy based clustering for the categorization and navigation of web collections.
Active learning for ranking through expected loss optimization.
On performance of topical opinion retrieval.
A content based approach for discovering missing anchor text for web search.
Multilingual PRF: english lends a helping hand.
Temporal click model for sponsored search.
Estimating the query difficulty for information retrieval.
Diversification of search results using webgraphs.
The effect of assessor error on IR system evaluation.
Learning the click-through rate for rare/new ads from similar ads.
User comments for news recommendation in social media.
Finding support sentences for entities.
Multi-style language model for web scale information retrieval.
Extending average precision to graded relevance judgments.
Hashtag retrieval in a microblogging environment.
Finding and filtering information for children.
On the relationship between effectiveness and accessibility.
Exploiting click-through data for entity retrieval.
Robust music identification based on low-order zernike moment in the compressed domain.
A survival modeling approach to biomedical search result diversification using wikipedia.
Predicting query potential for personalization, classification or regression?
Three web-based heuristics to determine a person's or institution's country of origin.
Focused access to sparsely and densely relevant documents.
Person name disambiguation by bootstrapping.
How good is a span of terms?: exploiting proximity to improve web retrieval.
Effective music tagging through advanced statistical modeling.
Language-model-based pro/con classification of political text.
Search system requirements of patent analysts.
Generalized syntactic and semantic models of query reformulation.
To translate or not to translate?
Refactoring the search problem.
Blog snippets: a comments-biased approach.
Entity information management in complex networks.
Human performance and retrieval precision revisited.
Learning to rank query reformulations.
Exploring reductions for long web queries.
A joint probabilistic classification model for resource selection.
Query quality: user ratings and system predictions.
EUSUM: extracting easy-to-understand english summaries for non-native readers.
Robust audio identification for MP3 popular music.
Social media recommendation based on people and tags.
Uncovering social spammers: social honeypots + machine learning.
Web retrieval: the role of users.
Using flickr geotags to predict user travel behaviour.
Investigating the suboptimality and instability of pseudo-relevance feedback.
Temporal diversity in recommender systems.
Relevance and ranking in online dating systems.
Text document clustering with metric learning.
Si-Fi: interactive similar item finder.
Learning hidden variable models for blog retrieval.
A two-stage model for blog feed search.
Estimating probabilities for effective data fusion.
Do user preferences and evaluation measures line up?
Ontology-enriched multi-document summarization in disaster management.
Discriminative models of integrating document evidence and document-candidate associations for expert search.
Learning more powerful test statistics for click-based retrieval evaluation.
Predicting query performance on the web.
Estimation of statistical translation models based on mutual information for ad hoc information retrieval.
Comparing click-through data to purchase decisions for retrieval evaluation.
Contextual video advertising system using scene information inferred from video scripts.
Towards subjectifying text clustering.
Exploring desktop resources based on user activity analysis.
Closed form solution of similarity algorithms.
Medical search and classification tools for recommendation.
Leveraging user interaction and collaboration for improving multilingual information access in digital libraries.
Scalability of findability: effective and efficient IR operations in large information networks.
SIGIR: scholar vs. scholars' interpretation.
Suggesting related topics in web search.
Effective query expansion with the resistance distance based term similarity metric.
Author interest topic model.
Multilabel classification with meta-level features.
Adaptive near-duplicate detection via similarity learning.
Personalize web search results with user's location.
Machine learned ranking of entity facets.
Acquisition of instance attributes via labeled and related instances.
Optimal meta search results clustering.
Web page publication time detection and its application for page rank.
Intent boundary detection in search query logs.
Using search session context for named entity recognition in query.
Entity summarization of news articles.
Proximity-based opinion retrieval.
Efficient partial-duplicate detection based on sequence matching.
Interactive retrieval based on faceted feedback.
Ranking for the conversion funnel.
A co-learning framework for learning user search intents from rule-generated training data.
Leveraging user-generated content for news search.
Visual summarization of web pages.
The good, the bad, and the random: an eye-tracking study of ad quality in web search.
User interface designs to support the social transfer of web search expertise.
Serendipitous recommendations via innovators.
MEMOSE: search engine for emotions in multimedia documents.
Predicting searcher frustration.
Context-aware ranking in web search.
Linking wikipedia to the web.
Mining the blogosphere for top news stories identification.
Geometric representations for multiple documents.
The power of naive query segmentation.
Spatial relationships in visual graph modeling for image categorization.
Collecting high quality overlapping labels at low cost.
Multilingual people search.
The impact of collection size on relevance and diversity.
Retrieval system evaluation: automatic evaluation versus incomplete judgments.
Image search by concept map.
The demographics of web search.
A framework for BM25F-based XML retrieval.
Short text classification in twitter to improve information filtering.
Query forwarding in geographically distributed search engines.
Learning to rank audience for behavioral targeting.
Aiming for user experience in information retrieval: towards user-centered relevance (UCR).
Finding people and their utterances in social media.
Freshness matters: in flowers, food, and web authority.
On the mono- and cross-language detection of text reuse and plagiarism.
Is the Cranfield paradigm outdated?
Information retrieval for e-discovery.
Improving sentence retrieval with an importance prior.
Multimedia information retrieval.
Vertical selection in the presence of unlabeled verticals.
Estimating interference in the QPRP for subtopic retrieval.
A ranking approach to target detection for automatic link generation.
multi Searcher: can we support people to get information from text they can't read or understand?
Predicting escalations of medical queries based on web page structure and content.
Search and browse log mining for web information retrieval: challenges, methods, and applications.
Many are better than one: improving multi-document summarization via weighted consensus.
Temporally-aware algorithms for document classification.
Cross-language retrieval using link-based language models.
Multi-field learning for email spam filtering.
Inferring user intent in web search by exploiting social annotations.
Content-enriched classifier for web video classification.
Learning to rank for information retrieval.
Personalizing information retrieval for multi-session tasks: the roles of task stage and task type.
Investigation on smoothing and aggregation methods in blog retrieval.
A method to automatically construct a user knowledge model in a forum environment.
Evaluating whole-page relevance.
Reverse annotation based retrieval from large document image collections.
Information-based models for ad hoc IR.
Graphical models for text: a new paradigm for text representation and processing.
Feature subset non-negative matrix factorization and its applications to document understanding.
VisualSum: an interactive multi-document summarizationsystem using visualization.
Proceedings of the 2000 ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data, May 16-18, 2000, Dallas, Texas, USA.
Proceedings of the 2002 ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data, Madison, Wisconsin, June 3-6, 2002
Proceedings of the 2003 ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data, San Diego, California, USA, June 9-12, 2003
Proceedings of the ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data, Paris, France, June 13-18, 2004
Proceedings of the ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data, Baltimore, Maryland, USA, June 14-16, 2005
Proceedings of the ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data, Chicago, Illinois, USA, June 27-29, 2006
Proceedings of the ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data, SIGMOD 2008, Vancouver, BC, Canada, June 10-12, 2008
Proceedings of the ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data, Beijing, China, June 12-14, 2007
Proceedings of the ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data, SIGMOD 2009, Providence, Rhode Island, USA, June 29 - July 2, 2009
Processing proximity relations in road networks.
Proceedings of the ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data, SIGMOD 2010, Indianapolis, Indiana, USA, June 6-10, 2010
TEDI: efficient shortest path query answering on graphs.
Information theory for data management.
ONDUX: on-demand unsupervised learning for information extraction.
Sampling dirty data for matching attributes.
Histograms reloaded: the merits of bucket diversity.
PR-join: a non-blocking join achieving higher early result rate with statistical guarantees.
GRN model of probabilistic databases: construction, transition and querying.
I4E: interactive investigation of iterative information extraction.
Spreadsheet as a relational database engine.
K-nearest neighbor search for fuzzy objects.
Worry-free database upgrades: automated model-driven evolution of schemas and complex mappings.
An algorithmic approach to event summarization.
Forecasting high-dimensional data.
Enterprise information extraction: recent developments and open challenges.
SimDB: a similarity-aware database system.
Load-balanced query dissemination in privacy-aware online communities.
iTuned: a tool for configuring and visualizing database parameters.
Constructing and exploring composite items.
FAST: fast architecture sensitive tree search on modern CPUs and GPUs.
Integrating keyword search with multiple dimension tree views over a summary corpus data cube.
Pay-as-you-go: an adaptive approach to provide full context-aware text search over document content.
ProgXe: progressive result generation framework for multi-criteria decision support queries.
Call to order: a hierarchical browsing approach to eliciting users' preference.
SecureBlox: customizable secure distributed data processing.
PODS: a new model and processing algorithms for uncertain data streams.
Pregel: a system for large-scale graph processing.
Positional update handling in column stores.
Ajax-based report pages as incrementally rendered views.
PIQL: a performance insightful query language.
Active knowledge: dynamically enriching RDF knowledge bases by web services.
Automatic contention detection and amelioration for data-intensive operations.
Mask: a system for privacy-preserving policy-based access to published content.
Efficiently evaluating complex boolean expressions.
IBM infosphere streams for scalable, real-time, intelligent transportation services.
Non-homogeneous generalization in privacy preserving data publishing.
Performing sound flash device measurements: some lessons from uFLIP.
Lineage processing over correlated probabilistic databases.
XTaGe: a flexible XML collection generator.
Google fusion tables: web-centered data management and collaboration.
Workload-aware storage layout for database systems.
ERACER: a database approach for statistical inference and data cleaning.
On indexing error-tolerant set containment.
Graphical XQuery in the aqualogic data services platform.
The DataPath system: a data-centric analytic processing engine for large data warehouses.
Finding maximal cliques in massive networks by H*-graph.
TACO: tunable approximate computation of outliers in wireless sensor networks.
Exploratory keyword search on data graphs.
Threshold query optimization for uncertain data.
Database systems research on data mining.
Crescando.
PYMK: friend recommendation at myspace.
GBLENDER: towards blending visual query formulation and query processing in graph databases.
Automatically incorporating new sources in keyword search-based data integration.
Visual interfaces to data.
Differentially private aggregation of distributed time-series with transformation and encryption.
Integrating hadoop and parallel DBMs.
Preserving privacy and fairness in peer-to-peer data integration.
Online aggregation and continuous query support in MapReduce.
Analyzing the energy efficiency of a database server.
SIE-OBI: a streaming information extraction platform for operational business intelligence.
Processing continuous join queries in sensor networks: a filtering approach.
Efficient parallel set-similarity joins using MapReduce.
Crowds, clouds, and algorithms: exploring the human side of "big data" applications.
Sedna: native XML database management system (internals overview).
HadoopDB in action: building real world applications.
TwitterMonitor: trend detection over the twitter stream.
US-SQL: managing uncertain schemata.
Optimizing schema-last tuple-store queries in graphd.
An automated, yet interactive and portable DB designer.
Interactive visual exploration of neighbor-based patterns in data streams.
Structured annotations of web queries.
Extreme scale with full SQL language support in microsoft SQL Azure.
Data conflict resolution using trust mappings.
Scalable architecture and query optimization fortransaction-time DBs with evolving schemas.
Towards proximity pattern mining in large graphs.
Data warehousing and analytics infrastructure at facebook.
K-isomorphism: privacy preserving network publication against structural attacks.
Evaluation of probabilistic threshold queries in MCDB.
An evaluation of alternative architectures for transaction processing in the cloud.
The flow of on-line information in global networks.
Multiple feature fusion for social media applications.
DoCQS: a prototype system for supporting data-oriented content query.
Optimizing content freshness of relations extracted from the web using keyword search.
Creating and exploring web form repositories.
Midas: integrating public financial data.
Mining knowledge from databases: an information network analysis approach.
Feeding frenzy: selectively materializing users' event feeds.
Durable top-k search in document archives.
A demonstration of FlexPref: extensible preference evaluation inside the DBMS engine.
Leveraging spatio-temporal redundancy for RFID data cleansing.
Fast sort on CPUs and GPUs: a case for bandwidth oblivious SIMD sort.
PAROS: pareto optimal route selection.
Fast approximate correlation for massive time-series data.
Bed-tree: an all-purpose index structure for string similarity search based on edit distance.
Low overhead concurrency control for partitioned main memory databases.
Probabilistic string similarity joins.
Exploring schema similarity at multiple resolutions.
DCUBE: discrimination discovery in databases.
Page-differential logging: an efficient and DBMS-independent approach for storing data into flash memory.
An optimal labeling scheme for workflow provenance using skeleton labels.
GAIA: graph classification using evolutionary computation.
Variance aware optimization of parameterized queries.
K*SQL: a unifying engine for sequence patterns and XML.
Symbiote: a reconfigurable logic assisted data streammanagement system (RLADSMS).
Logging every footstep: quantile summaries for the entire history.
Computing label-constraint reachability in graph databases.
OpenII: an open source information integration toolkit.
Similarity search and locality sensitive hashing using ternary content addressable memories.
A comparison of join algorithms for log processing in MaPreduce.
S-OLAP: an OLAP system for analyzing sequence data.
Querying data provenance.
How to ConQueR why-not questions.
Searching trajectories by locations: an efficiency study.
Pluggable personal data servers.
Hierarchically organized skew-tolerant histograms for geographic data objects.
Expressive and flexible access to web-extracted data: a keyword-based structured query language.
Large graph processing in the cloud.
ParaTimer: a progress indicator for MapReduce DAGs.
MoveMine: mining moving object databases.
QRelX: generating meaningful queries that provide cardinality assurance.
Schema clustering and retrieval for multi-domain pay-as-you-go data integration systems.
Overview of sciDB: large scale array storage, processing and analysis.
Ricardo: integrating R and Hadoop.
Indexing multi-dimensional data in a cloud system.
Continuous sampling for online aggregation over multiple queries.
GDR: a system for guided data repair.
Recsplorer: recommendation algorithms based on precedence mining.
On active learning of record matching packages.
MapDupReducer: detecting near duplicates over massive datasets.
Efficient querying and maintenance of network provenance at internet-scale.
Continuous analytics over discontinuous streams.
Query portals: dynamically generating portals for entity-oriented web queries.
Finding maximum degrees in hidden bipartite graphs.
Boosting spatial pruning: on optimal pruning of MBRs.
Glacier: a query-to-hardware compiler.
Unbiased estimation of size and other aggregates over hidden web databases.
Connected substructure similarity search.
Consistent query answers in inconsistent probabilistic databases.
Proceedings of the 32nd International Conference on Very Large Data Bases, Seoul, Korea, September 12-15, 2006
Proceedings of the 33rd International Conference on Very Large Data Bases, University of Vienna, Austria, September 23-27, 2007
Proceedings of the 13th international conference on World Wide Web, WWW 2004, New York, NY, USA, May 17-20, 2004
Proceedings of the 14th international conference on World Wide Web, WWW 2005, Chiba, Japan, May 10-14, 2005
Proceedings of the 15th international conference on World Wide Web, WWW 2006, Edinburgh, Scotland, UK, May 23-26, 2006
Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on World Wide Web, WWW 2007, Banff, Alberta, Canada, May 8-12, 2007
Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on World Wide Web, WWW 2008, Beijing, China, April 21-25, 2008
Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on World Wide Web, WWW 2009, Madrid, Spain, April 20-24, 2009
Measurement and analysis of an online content voting network: a case study of Digg.
Proceedings of the 19th International Conference on World Wide Web, WWW 2010, Raleigh, North Carolina, USA, April 26-30, 2010
b-Bit minwise hashing.
HTTP database connector (HDBC): RESTful access to relational databases.
Yet another paper ranking algorithm advocating recent publications.
Exploring searcher interactions for distinguishing types of commercial intent.
RDF compression: basic approaches.
Exploring web scale language models for search query processing.
A contextual-bandit approach to personalized news article recommendation.
Situation detection and control using spatio-temporal analysis of microblogs.
Sampling high-quality clicks from noisy click data.
Optimizing two stage bigram language models for IR.
Efficient resource allocation and power saving in multi-tiered systems.
Automatic extraction of clickable structured web contents for name entity queries.
Efficient web pages identification for entity resolution.
Alhambra: a system for creating, enforcing, and testing browser security policies.
Falconer: once SIOC meets semantic search engine.
Measuring the web crawler ethics.
Measurement-calibrated graph models for social network experiments.
Deep mashup: a description-based framework for lightweight integration of web contents.
Enabling WebGL.
Semantic lexicon adaptation for use in query interpretation.
RankCompete: simultaneous ranking and clustering of web photos.
Web-scale knowledge extraction from semi-structured tables.
What are the most eye-catching and ear-catching features in the video?: implications for video summarization.
A scalable machine-learning approach for semi-structured named entity recognition.
Automated detection of session fixation vulnerabilities.
How to consume linked data on the web: tutorial description.
Optimizing user interaction for web-based mobile tasks.
Matrix "Bit" loaded: a scalable lightweight join query processor for RDF data.
Multi-modality in one-class classification.
A framework for trust establishment and assessment on the web of data.
Inferring query intent from reformulations and clicks.
Study language models with specific user goals.
Inferring relevant social networks from interpersonal communication.
What you see is what you search: adaptive visual search framework for the web.
Redundancy detection in service-oriented systems.
Graph-based concept identification and disambiguation for enterprise search.
Video search: are algorithms all we need?
Detecting communities from tripartite networks.
Dynamic and graphical web page breakpoints.
Antourage: mining distance-constrained trips from flickr.
The utility of tweeted URLs for web search.
Selectivity estimation for SPARQL graph pattern.
Enabling entity-based aggregators for web 2.0 data.
Finding influentials based on the temporal order of information adoption in twitter.
A practical system for harvesting and monitoring hot topics on the web.
iRIN: image retrieval in image-rich information networks.
Equip tourists with knowledge mined from travelogues.
Scalable techniques for document identifier assignment ininverted indexes.
Debugging standard document formats.
RESTful web services: principles, patterns, emerging technologies.
Transfer learning for behavioral targeting.
Factorizing personalized Markov chains for next-basket recommendation.
Enterprise and desktop search.
Anonymizing user profiles for personalized web search.
How useful are your comments?: analyzing and predicting youtube comments and comment ratings.
How much is your personal recommendation worth?
Mind the data skew: distributed inferencing by speeddating in elastic regions.
Towards rich query interpretation: walking back and forth for mining query templates.
A quality-aware model for sales prediction using reviews.
Scalable discovery of contradictions on the web.
A framework for querying graph-based business process models.
Structure-aware music resizing using lyrics.
Automated performance assessment for service-oriented middleware: a case study on BPEL engines.
Expressive auctions for externalities in online advertising.
Applications of open search tools.
Caching search engine results over incremental indices.
Web search engine metrics: (direct metrics to measure user satisfaction).
Exposing audio data to the web: an API and prototype.
Talking about data: sharing richly structured information through blogs and wikis.
Introduction to social recommendation.
Building taxonomy of web search intents for name entity queries.
Randomization tests for distinguishing social influence and homophily effects.
Unlocking the semantics of multimedia presentations in the web with the multimedia metadata ontology.
Autonomous resource provisioning for multi-service web applications.
Co-optimization of multiple relevance metrics in web search.
Web-scale k-means clustering.
Estimating the web robot population.
Facetedpedia: dynamic generation of query-dependent faceted interfaces for wikipedia.
Sync kit: a persistent client-side database caching toolkit for data intensive websites.
Privacy in dynamic social networks.
ZoomRDF: semantic fisheye zooming on RDF data.
Sig.ma: live views on the web of data.
Structural analysis of the emerging event-web.
Rants: a framework for rank editing and sharing in web search.
Patch-based skin color detection and its application to pornography image filtering.
Detection and analysis of drive-by-download attacks and malicious JavaScript code.
Optimal marketing and pricing over social networks.
eduKEN: a tool for fine-grained video comment collection and analysis.
Fine-grained privilege separation for web applications.
The paths more taken: matching DOM trees to search logs for accurate webpage clustering.
GRAPE: a system for disambiguating and tagging people names in web search.
SNDocRank: document ranking based on social networks.
Automated object persistence for JavaScript.
How accurately can one's interests be inferred from friends.
The spoken web: software development and programming through voice.
Selective recrawling for object-level vertical search.
Towards natural question guided search.
What is Twitter, a social network or a news media?
Atomate it! end-user context-sensitive automation using heterogeneous information sources on the web.
LINKREC: a unified framework for link recommendation with user attributes and graph structure.
Large-scale bot detection for search engines.
FormSys: form-processing web services.
Social group suggestion from user image collections.
Access: news and blog analysis for the social sciences.
Intelligent ad resizing.
The "Map Trap"?: an evaluation of map versus text-based interfaces for location-based mobile search services.
Hierarchical cluster visualization in web mapping systems.
Competing for users' attention: on the interplay between organic and sponsored search results.
Visualizing differences in web search algorithms using the expected weighted hoeffding distance.
Object views: fine-grained sharing in browsers.
Retagging social images based on visual and semantic consistency.
Earthquake shakes Twitter users: real-time event detection by social sensors.
Web-based framework for spatiotemporal screen real estate management of interactive public displays.
Detecting epidemic tendency by mining search logs.
Estimation of user interest in visited web page.
A large-scale active learning system for topical categorization on the web.
Generalized distances between rankings.
Protocol-aware matching of web service interfaces for adapter development.
Topic initiator detection on the world wide web.
What the web can't do.
TWC data-gov corpus: incrementally generating linked government data from data.gov.
IBM's jazz integration architecture: building a tools integration architecture and community inspired by the web.
Faceted exploration of image search results.
Using a model of social dynamics to predict popularity of news.
Trend detection model.
Optimal rare query suggestion with implicit user feedback.
Exploiting information redundancy to wring out structured data from the web.
Reining in the web with content security policy.
Implementing the media fragments URI specification.
Structured audio podcasts via web text-to-speech system.
Exploiting query reformulations for web search result diversification.
useKit: a step towards the executable web 3.0.
A novel traffic analysis for identifying search fields in the long tail of web sites.
Analyzing collective view of future, time-referenced events on the web.
The anatomy of a large-scale social search engine.
How google analytics and conventional cookie tracking techniques overestimate unique visitors.
DSNotify: handling broken links in the web of data.
Constructing folksonomies by integrating structured metadata.
Diversifying web search results.
RerankEverything: a reranking interface for browsing search results.
Visual structure-based web page clustering and retrieval.
RESTler: crawling RESTful services.
SourceRank: relevance and trust assessment for deep web sources based on inter-source agreement.
A unified ontology-based web page model for improving accessibility.
The social honeypot project: protecting online communities from spammers.
A generalized framework of exploring category information for question retrieval in community question answer archives.
Unsupervised query segmentation using click data: preliminary results.
Regular expressions considered harmful in client-side XSS filters.
CETR: content extraction via tag ratios.
Finding algorithms in scientific articles.
Collaborative location and activity recommendations with GPS history data.
Using landing pages for sponsored search ad selection.
Not so creepy crawler: easy crawler generation with standard xml queries.
ourSpaces: linking provenance and social data in a virtual research environment.
QuickSuggest: character prediction on web appliances.
Learning to evaluate the visual quality of web pages.
Classification-enhanced ranking.
Predicting positive and negative links in online social networks.
Empirical comparison of algorithms for network community detection.
Document recommendation in social tagging services.
Time is of the essence: improving recency ranking using Twitter data.
Selecting skyline services for QoS-based web service composition.
Learning based access control in online social networks.
Stop thinking, start tagging: tag semantics emerge from collaborative verbosity.
An information retrieval approach to spelling suggestion.
Search is dead!: long live search.
Max-cover in map-reduce.
Cross-domain sentiment classification via spectral feature alignment.
The anatomy of an ad: structured indexing and retrieval for sponsored search.
LCA-based selection for XML document collections.
'Follow me': a web-based, location-sharing architecture for large, indoor environments.
Context-aware citation recommendation.
Identifying featured articles in wikipedia: writing style matters.
Actively predicting diverse search intent from user browsing behaviors.
INEX+DBPEDIA: a corpus for semantic search evaluation.
A link-based similarity measure for scientific literature.
Keyword search over key-value stores.
Are search engine users equally reliable?
Data summaries for on-demand queries over linked data.
Towards comment-based cross-media retrieval.
Tracking the random surfer: empirically measured teleportation parameters in PageRank.
Do you want to take notes?: identifying research missions in Yahoo! search pad.
Diversifying landmark image search results by learning interested views from community photos.
MindFinder: image search by interactive sketching and tagging.
Keyword extraction for social snippets.
On the high density of leadership nuclei in endorsement social networks.
Money, glory and cheap talk: analyzing strategic behavior of contestants in simultaneous crowdsourcing contests on TopCoder.com.
AdHeat: an influence-based diffusion model for propagating hints to match ads.
Exploiting content redundancy for web information extraction.
Sampling community structure.
Highlighting disputed claims on the web.
A client-server architecture for state-dependent dynamic visualizations on the web.
Exploiting social context for review quality prediction.
Entity relation discovery from web tables and links.
PageSense: style-wise web page advertising.
visKQWL, a visual renderer for a semantic web query language.
A refreshing perspective of search engine caching.
Distributed nonnegative matrix factorization for web-scale dyadic data analysis on mapreduce.
Relational duality: unsupervised extraction of semantic relations between entities on the web.
Context-oriented web video tag recommendation.
Linking content in unstructured sources.
Review recommendation with graphical model and EM algorithm.
Protecting data in multi-stakeholder web service system.
A characterization of online browsing behavior.
Interactive image search by 2D semantic map.
Shout out: integrating news and reader comments.
Clustering query refinements by user intent.
Query parsing in mobile voice search.
Navigational complexity in web interactions.
A pattern tree-based approach to learning URL normalization rules.
Analyzing content-level properties of the web adversphere.
Pusic: musicalize microblog messages for summarization and exploration.
Mining advertiser-specific user behavior using adfactors.
Ad-hoc object retrieval in the web of data.
Sketcha: a captcha based on line drawings of 3D models.
Volunteer computing: a model of the factors determining contribution to community-based scientific research.
New-web search with microblog annotations.
Constructing travel itineraries from tagged geo-temporal breadcrumbs.
Find me if you can: improving geographical prediction with social and spatial proximity.
Malicious interface design: exploiting the user.
Hearsay: a new generation context-driven multi-modal assistive web browser.
Tagging and navigability.
Fast and parallel webpage layout.
Live web search experiments for the rest of us.
Web search/browse log mining: challenges, methods, and applications.
Monitoring algorithms for negative feedback systems.
Conversion rate based bid adjustment for sponsored search.
Privacy wizards for social networking sites.
Liquid query: multi-domain exploratory search on the web.
Stochastic models for tabbed browsing.
Beyond position bias: examining result attractiveness as a source of presentation bias in clickthrough data.
Research trails: getting back where you left off.
Modeling relationship strength in online social networks.
Smart caching for web browsers.
Ranking specialization for web search: a divide-and-conquer approach by using topical RankSVM.
A comparison of visual and textual page previews in judging the helpfulness of web pages.
Distributing private data in challenged network environments.
An efficient random access inverted index for information retrieval.
Hierarchical feature selection for ranking.
Statistical models of music-listening sessions in social media.
Proceedings of the Third International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2010, New York, NY, USA, February 4-6, 2010
Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2009, Barcelona, Spain, February 9-11, 2009
Proceedings of the International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2008, Palo Alto, California, USA, February 11-12, 2008
Quantifying uncertainty in multi-dimensional cardinality estimations.
Using the past to score the present: extending term weighting models through revision history analysis.
Routing questions to appropriate answerers in community question answering services.
PROSPECT: a system for screening candidates for recruitment.
Relevance-index size tradeoff in contextual advertising.
CasJoin: a cascade chain for text similarity joins.
On identifying representative relevant documents.
Multi-modal multi-correlation person-centric news retrieval.
Data aspects in a relational database.
Structural annotation of search queries using pseudo-relevance feedback.
Factors affecting click-through behavior in aggregated search interfaces.
Real-time memory efficient data redundancy removal algorithm.
Organizing query completions for web search.
Mapping web pages to database records via link paths.
Classifying sentiment in microblogs: is brevity an advantage?
Overview of the 2nd international workshop on search and mining user-generated contents.
An effective approach for mining mobile user habits.
Learning to rank relevant and novel documents through user feedback.
Comparison of six aggregation strategies to compute users' trustworthiness.
Using various term dependencies according to their utilities.
User behavior driven ranking without editorial judgments.
A unified optimization framework for robust pseudo-relevance feedback algorithms.
A probabilistic topic-connection model for automatic image annotation.
Learning a user-thread alignment manifold for thread recommendation in online forum.
OpinionIt: a text mining system for cross-lingual opinion analysis.
Personalized recommender system based on item taxonomy and folksonomy.
Power in unity: forming teams in large-scale community systems.
Image retrieval at memory's edge: known image search based on user-drawn sketches.
On the relationship between novelty and popularity of user-generated content.
Selective data acquisition for probabilistic K-NN query.
SKIF: a data imputation framework for concept drifting data streams.
Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010
Expected browsing utility for web search evaluation.
Path-hop: efficiently indexing large graphs for reachability queries.
Hierarchical auto-tagging: organizing Q&A knowledge for everyone.
Use of semantics in real life applications.
Web search solved?: all result rankings the same?
A study of rumor control strategies on social networks.
Experiences with using SVM-based learning for multi-objective ranking.
Concurrent atomic protocols for making and changing decisions in social networks.
Automatically suggesting topics for augmenting text documents.
Online learning for recency search ranking using real-time user feedback.
Manifold ranking with sink points for update summarization.
Building recommendation systems using peer-to-peer shared content.
FACeTOR: cost-driven exploration of faceted query results.
Collaborative Dual-PLSA: mining distinction and commonality across multiple domains for text classification.
Third workshop on exploiting semantic annotations in information retrieval (ESAIR): CIKM 2010 workshop.
Efficient term proximity search with term-pair indexes.
Language pyramid and multi-scale text analysis.
Automatic metadata extraction from multilingual enterprise content.
Classical music for rock fans?: novel recommendations for expanding user interests.
RDFViewS: a storage tuning wizard for RDF applications.
Predicting short-term interests using activity-based search context.
Improving one-class collaborative filtering by incorporating rich user information.
Selecting keywords for content based recommendation.
Expert identification in community question answering: exploring question selection bias.
Evaluating, combining and generalizing recommendations with prerequisites.
Collaborative filtering in social tagging systems based on joint item-tag recommendations.
Learning ontology resolution for document representation and its applications in text mining.
Personalized search by tag-based user profile and resource profile in collaborative tagging systems.
How about utilizing ordinal information from the distribution of unlabeled data.
Improving verbose queries using subset distribution.
Facetedpedia: enabling query-dependent faceted search for wikipedia.
Set cover algorithms for very large datasets.
EntityEngine: answering entity-relationship queries using shallow semantics.
TAGME: on-the-fly annotation of short text fragments (by wikipedia entities).
Online annotation of text streams with structured entities.
On top-k social web search.
Modeling reformulation using passage analysis.
Building re-usable dictionary repositories for real-world text mining.
Supervised identification and linking of concept mentions to a domain-specific ontology.
Topic aspect analysis for multi-document summarization.
Unsupervised public health event detection for epidemic intelligence.
Online update of b-trees.
SEQUEL: query completion via pattern mining on multi-column structural data.
Outcome aware ranking in interaction networks.
Exploiting site-level information to improve web search.
Fast dimension reduction for document classification based on imprecise spectrum analysis.
Multi-view clustering with constraint propagation for learning with an incomplete mapping between views.
Unifying explicit and implicit feedback for collaborative filtering.
Pattern discovery for large mixed-mode database.
DTMBIO workshop summary.
Automatically acquiring a semantic network of related concepts.
Incorporating terminology evolution for query translation in text retrieval with association rules.
Mining networks with shared items.
A hierarchical approach to reachability query answering in very large graph databases.
BP-tree: an efficient index for similarity search in high-dimensional metric spaces.
Adapting cost-sensitive learning for reject option.
Domain-independent entity coreference in RDF graphs.
BagBoo: a scalable hybrid bagging-the-boosting model.
Assessor error in stratified evaluation.
Automatic extraction of web data records containing user-generated content.
An efficient data-centric storage scheme considering storage and query hot-spots in sensor networks.
Selectively diversifying web search results.
Combining link and content for collective active learning.
Fast top-k simple shortest paths discovery in graphs.
Network growth and the spectral evolution model.
Ranking related entities: components and analyses.
Exploring and visualizing academic social networks.
Improving web search relevance and freshness with content previews.
Active learning in parallel universes.
Mining rules to explain activities in videos.
Decomposing background topics from keywords by principal component pursuit.
Identifying new categories in community question answering archives: a topic modeling approach.
Adaptive outlierness for subspace outlier ranking.
K-farthest-neighbors-based concept boundary determination for support vector data description.
Fast query expansion using approximations of relevance models.
On wavelet decomposition of uncertain time series data sets.
Entity ranking using Wikipedia as a pivot.
LiquidXML: adaptive XML content redistribution.
Topic detection and organization of mobile text messages.
Multi task learning on multiple related networks.
Automatic detection of craters in planetary images: an embedded framework using feature selection and boosting.
Brown dwarf: a P2P data-warehousing system.
Ranking social bookmarks using topic models.
Probabilistic first pass retrieval for search advertising: from theory to practice.
Open user schema guided evaluation of streaming RDF queries.
WS-GraphMatching: a web service tool for graph matching.
Top-Eye: top-k evolving trajectory outlier detection.
Alignment of short length parallel corpora with an application to web search.
FacetCube: a framework of incorporating prior knowledge into non-negative tensor factorization.
Learning to rank with groups.
Two-tier similarity model for story link detection.
Affinity-driven prediction and ranking of products in online product review sites.
Constructing classification features using minimal predictive patterns.
Feature subspace transformations for enhancing k-means clustering.
An efficient algorithm for mining time interval-based patterns in large database.
Components for information extraction: ontology-based information extractors and generic platforms.
A method for discovering components of human rituals from streams of sensor data.
Demographic information flows.
Ranking under temporal constraints.
Massive structured data management solution.
Elusive vandalism detection in wikipedia: a text stability-based approach.
TAER: time-aware entity retrieval-exploiting the past to find relevant entities in news articles.
Utilizing re-finding for personalized information retrieval.
Reverted indexing for feedback and expansion.
Discriminative factored prior models for personalized content-based recommendation.
Visual cube and on-line analytical processing of images.
Expansion and search in networks.
RankSVR: can preference data help regression?
Generating advertising keywords from video content.
Automated interaction in social networks with datalog.
FALCON: seamless access to meeting data from the inbox and calendar.
Learning naïve bayes transfer classifier throughclass-wise test distribution estimation.
Choosing your own adventure: automatic taxonomy generation to permit many paths.
Search-log anonymization and advertisement: are they mutually exclusive?
Collaboration analytics: mining work patterns from collaboration activities.
Challenges in personalized authority flow based ranking of social media.
Opinion digger: an unsupervised opinion miner from unstructured product reviews.
Yes we can: simplex volume maximization for descriptive web-scale matrix factorization.
Directly optimizing evaluation measures in learning to rank based on the clonal selection algorithm.
Travel route recommendation using geotags in photo sharing sites.
Active caching for similarity queries based on shared-neighbor information.
Efficient temporal keyword search over versioned text.
Ranking of evolving stories through meta-aggregation.
Partial drift detection using a rule induction framework.
Document allocation policies for selective searching of distributed indexes.
Document update summarization using incremental hierarchical clustering.
Recommendation based on object typicality.
Approximate membership localization (AML) for web-based join.
MENTA: inducing multilingual taxonomies from wikipedia.
Query optimization for ontology-based information integration.
Extending dictionary-based entity extraction to tolerate errors.
Yet another write-optimized DBMS layer for flash-based solid state storage.
Detecting controversial events from twitter.
Visual-semantic graphs: using queries to reduce the semantic gap in web image retrieval.
Print: a provenance model to support integration processes.
Improved latent concept expansion using hierarchical markov random fields.
Learning to blend rankings: a monotonic transformation to blend rankings from heterogeneous domains.
Improved index compression techniques for versioned document collections.
Focused crawling using navigational rank.
Formal approach and automated tool for constructing ontology from object-oriented database model.
Index structures for efficiently searching natural language text.
Understanding retweeting behaviors in social networks.
A fine-grained taxonomy of tables on the web.
Efficient wikipedia-based semantic interpreter by exploiting top-k processing.
Schema extraction.
A framework for evaluating database keyword search strategies.
Optimizing unified loss for web ranking specialization.
On the selectivity of multidimensional routing indices.
The gist of everything new: personalized top-k processing over web 2.0 streams.
Group ranking with application to image retrieval.
Faceted search and browsing of audio content on spoken web.
Semantic tags generation and retrieval for online advertising.
Transfer incremental learning for pattern classification.
Discovery of numerous specific topics via term co-occurrence analysis.
Pricing guaranteed contracts in online display advertising.
Construction of a sentimental word dictionary.
Maximum normalized spacing for efficient visual clustering.
Mixture model label propagation.
Hybrid tag recommendation for social annotation systems.
Exploring online social activities for adaptive search personalization.
Accelerating probabilistic frequent itemset mining: a model-based approach.
Multi-document topic segmentation.
Query model refinement using word graphs.
MI-WDIS: web data integration system for market intelligence.
Exploiting co-occurrence and information quality metrics to recommend tags in web 2.0 applications.
Boosting social network connectivity with link revival.
Embedding tolerance relations in formal concept analysis: an application in information fusion.
Evaluation of top-k queries in peer-to-peer networks using threshold algorithms.
Summarizing biological literature with BioSumm.
Learning sentiment classification model from labeled features.
Estimating accuracy for text classification tasks on large unlabeled data.
Extracting structured information from Wikipedia articles to populate infoboxes.
XReal: an interactive XML keyword searching.
Multilevel manifold learning with application to spectral clustering.
Taxonomic clustering of web service for efficient discovery.
XML schema computations: schema compatibility testing and subschema extraction.
The anatomy of a click: modeling user behavior on web information systems.
Automatic schema merging using mapping constraints among incomplete sources.
Wisdom of the ages: toward delivering the children's web with the link-based agerank algorithm.
Examining the information retrieval process from an inductive perspective.
Using Wikipedia categories for compact representations of chemical documents.
Finding unusual review patterns using unexpected rules.
Meta-metadata: a metadata semantics language for collection representation applications.
Summary of the 4th workshop on analytics for noisy unstructured text data (AND).
A new mathematics retrieval system.
Mining topic-level influence in heterogeneous networks.
Fast and accurate estimation of shortest paths in large graphs.
Search as if you were in your home town: geographic search by regional context and dynamic feature-space selection.
Online learning for multi-task feature selection.
A metamodel approach to flexible semantic web service discovery.
Hierarchical service analytics for improving productivity in an enterprise service center.
Intelligent sales forecasting engine using genetic algorithms.
i-SEE: integrated stream execution environment over on-line data streams.
Clickthrough-based translation models for web search: from word models to phrase models.
Threshold behavior of incentives in social networks.
Identifying hotspots on the real-time web.
Exploiting sequential relationships for familial classification.
Communication motifs: a tool to characterize social communications.
Exploiting user interests for collaborative filtering: interests expansion via personalized ranking.
Online stratified sampling: evaluating classifiers at web-scale.
Novel local features with hybrid sampling technique for image retrieval.
Community-based topic modeling for social tagging.
Web page classification on child suitability.
SUMMA: subgraph matching in massive graphs.
Pattern based keyword extraction for contextual advertising.
Inferring gender of movie reviewers: exploiting writing style, content and metadata.
Crawling the web for structured documents.
Efficient set-correlation operator inside databases.
Explore click models for search ranking.
Towards query log based personalization using topic models.
FD-buffer: a buffer manager for databases on flash disks.
On bootstrapping recommender systems.
A cross-lingual framework for monolingual biomedical information retrieval.
Bringing order to your photos: event-driven classification of flickr images based on social knowledge.
A feature-word-topic model for image annotation.
A structured approach to query recommendation with social annotation data.
Automatically weighting tags in XML collection.
Rank learning for factoid question answering with linguistic and semantic constraints.
Hypergraph-based multilevel matrix approximation for text information retrieval.
WikiPop: personalized event detection system based on Wikipedia page view statistics.
PTM: probabilistic topic mapping model for mining parallel document collections.
Detecting product review spammers using rating behaviors.
A topical link model for community discovery in textual interaction graph.
Visualization and clustering of crowd video content in MPCA subspace.
Topic-driven web search result organization by leveraging wikipedia semantic knowledge.
ANITA: a narrative interpretation of taxonomies for their adaptation to text collections.
Temporal query log profiling to improve web search ranking.
Searching consumer image collections using web-based concept expansion.
SHRINK: a structural clustering algorithm for detecting hierarchical communities in networks.
A peer-selection algorithm for information retrieval.
Discovering, ranking and annotating cross-document relationships between concepts.
Mr.KNN: soft relevance for multi-label classification.
Building efficient multi-threaded search nodes.
Energy-efficient top-k query processing in wireless sensor networks.
Towards a provenance framework for sub-image processing for astronomical data.
Relational feature engineering of natural language processing.
EUI: an embedded engine for understanding user intents from mobile devices.
Exploration-exploitation tradeoff in interactive relevance feedback.
Rough sets based reasoning and pattern mining for a two-stage information filtering system.
VSEncoding: efficient coding and fast decoding of integer lists via dynamic programming.
Selected new training documents to update user profile.
PruSM: a prudent schema matching approach for web forms.
3rd BooksOnline workshop: research advances in large digital book repositories and complementary media.
Anonymizing data with quasi-sensitive attribute values.
Learning to generate summary as structured output.
Connecting the local and the online in information management.
Digging for knowledge with information extraction: a case study on human gene-disease associations.
Term necessity prediction.
Improving taxonomies for large-scale hierarchical classifiers of web documents.
PIKM 2010: ACM workshop for ph.d. students in information and knowledge management.
Robust prediction from multiple heterogeneous data sources with partial information.
Predicting product adoption in large-scale social networks.
Report on the second international workshop on cloud data management (CloudDB 2010).
Regularization and feature selection for networked features.
A late fusion approach to cross-lingual document re-ranking.
Ranking with auxiliary data.
StableBuffer: optimizing write performance for DBMS applications on flash devices.
Orientation distance-based discriminative feature extraction for multi-class classification.
Temporal dynamics and information retrieval.
DOLAP 2010 workshop summary.
TC-DCA: a system for text classification based on document's content allocation.
Ontology emergence from folksonomies.
Latent interest-topic model: finding the causal relationships behind dyadic data.
Weighting common syntactic structures for natural language based information retrieval.
Detecting periodic changes in search intentions in a search engine.
Injecting domain knowledge into a granular database engine: a position paper.
Learning click models via probit bayesian inference.
Preference query evaluation over expensive attributes.
SPac: a distributed, peer-to-peer, secure and privacy-aware social space.
Mining interesting link formation rules in social networks.
Who should I cite: learning literature search models from citation behavior.
Multi-information fusion for uncertain semantic representations of videos.
Exploiting novelty, coverage and balance for topic-focused multi-document summarization.
Preserving location and absence privacy in geo-social networks.
Computing the top-k maximal answers in a join of ranked lists.
Collaborative future event recommendation.
Context modeling for ranking and tagging bursty features in text streams.
3rd international workshop on patent information retrieval (PaIR'10).
Result-size estimation for information-retrieval subqueries.
What can quantum theory bring to information retrieval.
A robust semi-supervised classification method for transfer learning.
A comparison of user and system query performance predictions.
Search engine support for software applications.
Building a semantic representation for personal information.
Skyline query processing for uncertain data.
Efficiently querying archived data using Hadoop.
Exploring domain-specific term weight in archived question search.
You are where you tweet: a content-based approach to geo-locating twitter users.
CiteData: a new multi-faceted dataset for evaluating personalized search performance.
(k, P)-anonymity: towards pattern-preserving anonymity of time-series data.
OLAP-based query recommendation.
Support elements in graph structured schema reintegration.
Exploiting simple hierarchies for unsupervised human behavior analysis.
Towards general motion-based face recognition.
Hybrid shift map for video retargeting.
The Twenty-Third IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR 2010, San Francisco, CA, USA, 13-18 June 2010
Optical flow estimation with adaptive convolution kernel prior on discrete framework.
SVM for edge-preserving filtering.
Reading between the lines: Object localization using implicit cues from image tags.
Minimum length in the tangent bundle as a model for curve completion.
On the design of robust classifiers for computer vision.
DARTs: Efficient scale-space extraction of DAISY keypoints.
An object-dependent hand pose prior from sparse training data.
Pushing the envelope of modern methods for bundle adjustment.
Direct image alignment of projector-camera systems with planar surfaces.
Exploiting hierarchical context on a large database of object categories.
Exploiting Monge structures in optimum subwindow search.
A theory of plenoptic multiplexing.
Graph cut segmentation with a global constraint: Recovering region distribution via a bound of the Bhattacharyya measure.
Learning mid-level features for recognition.
Multi-view object class detection with a 3D geometric model.
Efficient computation of robust low-rank matrix approximations in the presence of missing data using the L1 norm.
Combining discriminative and generative methods for 3D deformable surface and articulated pose reconstruction.
Robust piecewise-planar 3D reconstruction and completion from large-scale unstructured point data.
Heterogeneous Conditional Random Field: Realizing joint detection and segmentation of cell regions in microscopic images.
Correcting over-exposure in photographs.
Supervised translation-invariant sparse coding.
Robust classification of objects, faces, and flowers using natural image statistics.
High-resolution modeling of moving and deforming objects using sparse geometric and dense photometric measurements.
A game-theoretic approach to fine surface registration without initial motion estimation.
Localizing non-overlapping surveillance cameras under the L-Infinity norm.
Group motion segmentation using a Spatio-Temporal Driving Force Model.
Person re-identification by symmetry-driven accumulation of local features.
Parallel graph-cuts by adaptive bottom-up merging.
Compact projection: Simple and efficient near neighbor search with practical memory requirements.
Surface extraction from binary volumes with higher-order smoothness.
Axial light field for curved mirrors: Reflect your perspective, widen your view.
Efficient additive kernels via explicit feature maps.
Rectification of figures and photos in document images using bounding box interface.
Learning weights for codebook in image classification and retrieval.
Illumination compensation based change detection using order consistency.
Many-to-one contour matching for describing and discriminating object shape.
Towards semantic embedding in visual vocabulary.
Harmony potentials for joint classification and segmentation.
Egomotion using assorted features.
High performance object detection by collaborative learning of Joint Ranking of Granules features.
Multiple dynamic models for tracking the left ventricle of the heart from ultrasound data using particle filters and deep learning architectures.
Spike train driven dynamical models for human actions.
Robust video denoising using low rank matrix completion.
Geometric properties of multiple reflections in catadioptric camera with two planar mirrors.
What's going on? Discovering spatio-temporal dependencies in dynamic scenes.
3D Scene priors for road detection.
Adaptive generic learning for face recognition from a single sample per person.
Improving state-of-the-art OCR through high-precision document-specific modeling.
Probabilistic temporal inference on reconstructed 3D scenes.
Nonparametric Label-to-Region by search.
Discriminative clustering for image co-segmentation.
An online approach: Learning-Semantic-Scene-by-Tracking and Tracking-by-Learning-Semantic-Scene.
Authority-shift clustering: Hierarchical clustering by authority seeking on graphs.
Boundary Learning by Optimization with Topological Constraints.
Action classification on product manifolds.
3D Shape correspondence by isometry-driven greedy optimization.
Learning full pairwise affinities for spectral segmentation.
Local features are not lonely - Laplacian sparse coding for image classification.
Context-constrained hallucination for image super-resolution.
Polynomial shape from shading.
Removing rolling shutter wobble.
Object cut: Complex 3D object reconstruction through line drawing separation.
Manifold blurring mean shift algorithms for manifold denoising.
Contour people: A parameterized model of 2D articulated human shape.
Learning 3D shape from a single facial image via non-linear manifold embedding and alignment.
An efficient divide-and-conquer cascade for nonlinear object detection.
SUN database: Large-scale scene recognition from abbey to zoo.
Image retrieval via probabilistic hypergraph ranking.
On detection of multiple object instances using hough transforms.
Motion detail preserving optical flow estimation.
3D reconstruction of glossy surfaces using stereo cameras and projector-display.
Rectifying rolling shutter video from hand-held devices.
Player localization using multiple static cameras for sports visualization.
Robust order-based methods for feature description.
Locality-constrained Linear Coding for image classification.
Weakly-supervised hashing in kernel space.
Sparsity model for robust optical flow estimation at motion discontinuities.
Discriminative K-SVD for dictionary learning in face recognition.
Depth from Diffusion.
Simultaneous pose, correspondence and non-rigid shape.
Bidirectional relighting for 3D-aided 2D face recognition.
Sensor saturation in Fourier multiplexed imaging.
Coded exposure imaging for projective motion deblurring.
Building reconstruction using manhattan-world grammars.
Optimal coded sampling for temporal super-resolution.
Probabilistic models for supervised dictionary learning.
Spatialized epitome and its applications.
Growing semantically meaningful models for visual SLAM.
Classification and clustering via dictionary learning with structured incoherence and shared features.
Facial point detection using boosted regression and graph models.
Automatic point-based facial trait judgments evaluation.
Multilinear pose and body shape estimation of dressed subjects from image sets.
Isoperimetric cut on a directed graph.
Topic regression multi-modal Latent Dirichlet Allocation for image annotation.
Denoising vs. deblurring: HDR imaging techniques using moving cameras.
Line matching leveraged by point correspondences.
Efficient action spotting based on a spacetime oriented structure representation.
Anomaly detection in crowded scenes.
Ink-bleed reduction using functional minimization.
Multilinear feature extraction and classification of multi-focal images, with applications in nematode taxonomy.
Pareto discriminant analysis.
Removal of 3D facial expressions: A learning-based approach.
A framework for ultra high resolution 3D imaging.
Real-time vehicle global localisation with a single camera in dense urban areas: Exploitation of coarse 3D city models.
Visual object tracking using adaptive correlation filters.
Surface color estimation based on inter- and intra-pixel relationships in outdoor scenes.
Using optical defocus to denoise.
Recovering thin structures via nonlocal-means regularization with application to depth from defocus.
CRAM: Compact representation of actions in movies.
Efficient extraction of human motion volumes by tracking.
Non-rigid structure from locally-rigid motion.
A diffusion approach to seeded image segmentation.
Diffusion filtering without parameter tuning: Models and inference tools.
Specular surface reconstruction from sparse reflection correspondences.
Simultaneous foreground, background, and alpha estimation for image matting.
Cascaded pose regression.
Bayes optimal kernel discriminant analysis.
Adaptive linear predictors for real-time tracking.
Image restoration and disparity estimation from an uncalibrated multi-layered image.
Safety in numbers: Learning categories from few examples with multi model knowledge transfer.
Finding dots: Segmentation as popping out regions from boundaries.
Object detection via boundary structure segmentation.
Super resolution using edge prior and single image detail synthesis.
Rectilinear parsing of architecture in urban environment.
Masked FFT registration.
Upsampling range data in dynamic environments.
Object recognition by discriminative combinations of line segments and ellipses.
Context-aware saliency detection.
Robust RVM regression using sparse outlier model.
Model globally, match locally: Efficient and robust 3D object recognition.
Face recognition with learning-based descriptor.
Linked edges as stable region boundaries.
Image webs: Computing and exploiting connectivity in image collections.
Increasing depth resolution of electron microscopy of neural circuits using sparse tomographic reconstruction.
Global and local isometry-invariant descriptor for 3D shape comparison and partial matching.
Semi-supervised hashing for scalable image retrieval.
Performance evaluation of color correction approaches for automatic multi-view image and video stitching.
Diffeomorphic sulcal shape analysis for cortical surface registration.
A globally optimal data-driven approach for image distortion estimation.
Food recognition using statistics of pairwise local features.
Modeling mutual context of object and human pose in human-object interaction activities.
Multisensor-fusion for 3D full-body human motion capture.
Pareto-optimal dictionaries for signatures.
Dominant orientation templates for real-time detection of texture-less objects.
Efficient joint 2D and 3D palmprint matching with alignment refinement.
Convex shape decomposition.
Variational segmentation of elongated volumetric structures.
Generating sharp panoramas from motion-blurred videos.
Simultaneous point matching and 3D deformable surface reconstruction.
Improving web image search results using query-relative classifiers.
Multi-view structure computation without explicitly estimating motion.
Segmentation of building facades using procedural shape priors.
Cost-sensitive subspace learning for face recognition.
Global and efficient self-similarity for object classification and detection.
Optimizing kd-trees for scalable visual descriptor indexing.
PROST: Parallel robust online simple tracking.
Unsupervised discovery of co-occurrence in sparse high dimensional data.
Live dense reconstruction with a single moving camera.
Data fusion through cross-modality metric learning using similarity-sensitive hashing.
Model-based respiratory motion compensation for image-guided cardiac interventions.
Recovering fluid-type motions using Navier-Stokes potential flow.
Point-based non-rigid surface registration with accuracy estimation.
A probabilistic image jigsaw puzzle solver.
A shape-driven MRF model for the segmentation of organs in medical images.
Robust flash deblurring.
Temporal causality for the analysis of visual events.
A generative perspective on MRFs in low-level vision.
Monocular 3D pose estimation and tracking by detection.
Deconvolutional networks.
Self-calibrating photometric stereo.
ABSORB: Atlas building by Self-Organized Registration and Bundling.
Motion estimation with non-local total variation regularization.
New features and insights for pedestrian detection.
Parallel and distributed graph cuts by dual decomposition.
Natural gradients for deformable registration.
Estimating satellite attitude from pushbroom sensors.
The multiscale competitive code via sparse representation for palmprint verification.
Multi-target tracking of time-varying spatial patterns.
YouTubeCat: Learning to categorize wild web videos.
Stratified learning of local anatomical context for lung nodules in CT images.
3D morphable model construction for robust ear and face recognition.
Novel observation model for probabilistic object tracking.
Visual recognition and detection under bounded computational resources.
Multi-cue pedestrian classification with partial occlusion handling.
Dynamic and scalable large scale image reconstruction.
Constrained parametric min-cuts for automatic object segmentation.
Accurate 3D face reconstruction from weakly calibrated wide baseline images with profile contours.
Improving the efficiency of hierarchical structure-and-motion.
Grouplet: A structured image representation for recognizing human and object interactions.
Gradient-directed composition of multi-exposure images.
Global Gaussian approach for scene categorization using information geometry.
Linear view synthesis using a dimensionality gap light field prior.
Exploring features in a Bayesian framework for material recognition.
Noise-optimal capture for high dynamic range photography.
Co-clustering of image segments using convex optimization applied to EM neuronal reconstruction.
Free-shape subwindow search for object localization.
Making specific features less discriminative to improve point-based 3D object recognition.
Silhouette transformation based on walking speed for gait identification.
Exploring facial expressions with compositional features.
Calibration-free gaze sensing using saliency maps.
Object separation in x-ray image sets.
"Lattice Cut" - Constructing superpixels using layer constraints.
Detecting and sketching the common.
Face recognition based on image sets.
Abrupt motion tracking via adaptive stochastic approximation Monte Carlo sampling.
Large-scale image retrieval with compressed Fisher vectors.
Motion fields to predict play evolution in dynamic sport scenes.
iCoseg: Interactive co-segmentation with intelligent scribble guidance.
Rapid face recognition using hashing.
Clustering dynamic textures with the hierarchical EM algorithm.
Model evolution: An incremental approach to non-rigid structure from motion.
An eye for an eye: A single camera gaze-replacement method.
A Hough transform-based voting framework for action recognition.
Unsupervised detection and segmentation of identical objects.
Modeling pixel process with scale invariant local patterns for background subtraction in complex scenes.
Efficient histogram-based sliding window.
Factorization towards a classifier.
The chains model for detecting parts by their context.
Automatic attribution of ancient Roman imperial coins.
Finding meaning on YouTube: Tag recommendation and category discovery.
One-shot multi-set non-rigid feature-spatial matching.
Object-to-object color transfer: Optimal flows and SMSP transformations.
Part and appearance sharing: Recursive Compositional Models for multi-view.
Morphological snakes.
On-line semi-supervised multiple-instance boosting.
Surface stereo with soft segmentation.
An extension of multifactor analysis for face recognition based on submanifold learning.
Use bin-ratio information for category and scene classification.
Breaking the interactive bottleneck in multi-class classification with active selection and binary feedback.
Dynamical binary latent variable models for 3D human pose tracking.
ARISTA - image search to annotation on billions of web photos.
Bundled depth-map merging for multi-view stereo.
Multi-task warped Gaussian process for personalized age estimation.
Beyond active noun tagging: Modeling contextual interactions for multi-class active learning.
Visual event recognition in videos by learning from web data.
Automatic discovery of meaningful object parts with latent CRFs.
Detecting and parsing architecture at city scale from range data.
Human identity recognition in aerial images.
Talking pictures: Temporal grouping and dialog-supervised person recognition.
Generalized simultaneous registration and segmentation.
Fast global optimization of curvature.
Finding image distributions on active curves.
Group MRF for fMRI activation detection.
Sufficient dimension reduction for visual sequence classification.
Tracking the invisible: Learning where the object might be.
Global optimization for estimating a BRDF with multiple specular lobes.
Dynamic texture recognition based on distributions of spacetime oriented structure.
Asymmetric region-to-image matching for comparing images with generic object categories.
Fast directional chamfer matching.
Lymph node detection in 3-D chest CT using a spatial prior probability.
Action unit detection with segment-based SVMs.
Covering trees and lower-bounds on quadratic assignment.
Warp propagation for video resizing.
Label propagation in video sequences.
Figure-ground segmentation improves handled object recognition in egocentric video.
Delineating trees in noisy 2D images and 3D image-stacks.
Visual classification with multi-task joint sparse representation.
On growth and formlets: Sparse multi-scale coding of planar shape.
Far-sighted active learning on a budget for image and video recognition.
Tracking with local spatio-temporal motion patterns in extremely crowded scenes.
Evaluation of stereo confidence indoors and outdoors.
What is an object?
Randomized hybrid linear modeling by local best-fit flats.
Disambiguating visual relations using loop constraints.
Neuron geometry extraction by perceptual grouping in ssTEM images.
Modeling and estimating persistent motion with geometric flows.
Energy minimization for linear envelope MRFs.
Visual recognition using mappings that replicate margins.
Towards weakly supervised semantic segmentation by means of multiple instance and multitask learning.
Anatomical parts-based regression using non-negative matrix factorization.
Learning to recognize shadows in monochromatic natural images.
Multi-target tracking by on-line learned discriminative appearance models.
Learning a hierarchy of discriminative space-time neighborhood features for human action recognition.
Monocular SLAM with locally planar landmarks via geometric rao-blackwellized particle filtering on Lie groups.
Fast pattern matching using orthogonal Haar transform.
Visual tracking via weakly supervised learning from multiple imperfect oracles.
Tracking people interacting with objects.
A spatially varying PSF-based prior for alpha matting.
Regenerative morphing.
Fast image alignment in the Fourier domain.
GPCA with denoising: A moments-based convex approach.
Scene understanding by statistical modeling of motion patterns.
Efficient filter flow for space-variant multiframe blind deconvolution.
Spherical embeddings for non-Euclidean dissimilarities.
Collect-cut: Segmentation with top-down cues discovered in multi-object images.
Geodesic graph cut for interactive image segmentation.
3D shape scanning with a time-of-flight camera.
Sparse representation using nonnegative curds and whey.
Geodesic star convexity for interactive image segmentation.
Gesture recognition by learning local motion signatures.
A study on continuous max-flow and min-cut approaches.
Discovering scene categories by information projection and cluster sampling.
Efficient piecewise learning for conditional random fields.
Single image depth estimation from predicted semantic labels.
Transductive segmentation of live video with non-stationary background.
Real time motion capture using a single time-of-flight camera.
Spatial-bag-of-features.
A new texture descriptor using multifractal analysis in multi-orientation wavelet pyramid.
A constant-space belief propagation algorithm for stereo matching.
Learning appearance in virtual scenarios for pedestrian detection.
A novel riemannian framework for shape analysis of 3D objects.
Multi-structure model selection via kernel optimisation.
Analysis of light transport in scattering media.
A theory of phase-sensitive rotation invariance with spherical harmonic and moment-based representations.
p norm multiple kernel Fisher discriminant analysis for object and image categorisation.
Modeling pixel means and covariances using factorized third-order boltzmann machines.
Unsupervised discovery of facial events.
Multimodal semi-supervised learning for image classification.
Latent hierarchical structural learning for object detection.
Multi-view scene flow estimation: A view centered variational approach.
Estimating optical properties of layered surfaces using the spider model.
SPEC hashing: Similarity preserving algorithm for entropy-based coding.
Bimodal gender recognition from face and fingerprint.
Adaptive pose priors for pictorial structures.
Refinement of digital elevation models from shadowing cues.
Total Bregman divergence and its applications to shape retrieval.
Multiview constraints in frequency space and camera calibration from unsynchronized images.
Curious snakes: A minimum latency solution to the cluttered background problem in active contours.
Beyond trees: MRF inference via outer-planar decomposition.
Support vector regression for multi-view gait recognition based on local motion feature selection.
Rapid selection of reliable templates for visual tracking.
An automatic unsupervised classification of MR images in Alzheimer's disease.
Measuring visual saliency by Site Entropy Rate.
A square-root sampling approach to fast histogram-based search.
The phase only transform for unsupervised surface defect detection.
A novel Markov random field based deformable model for face recognition.
Two perceptually motivated strategies for shape classification.
Automatic image annotation using group sparsity.
A Steiner tree approach to efficient object detection.
Personalization of image enhancement.
Sign ambiguity resolution for phase demodulation in interferometry with application to prelens tear film analysis.
3D curve sketch: Flexible curve-based stereo reconstruction and calibration.
Visual tracking via incremental self-tuning particle filtering on the affine group.
Triangulation made easy.
Dynamic surface matching by geodesic mapping for 3D animation transfer.
Geo-location estimation from two shadow trajectories.
A probabilistic framework for joint segmentation and tracking.
Online multi-class LPBoost.
Efficient hierarchical graph-based video segmentation.
Learning from interpolated images using neural networks for digital forensics.
Interest seam image.
Optimal HDR reconstruction with linear digital cameras.
Piecewise planar and non-planar stereo for urban scene reconstruction.
Dense non-rigid surface registration using high-order graph matching.
P-N learning: Bootstrapping binary classifiers by structural constraints.
Semantic context modeling with maximal margin Conditional Random Fields for automatic image annotation.
Attribute-centric recognition for cross-category generalization.
The automatic design of feature spaces for local image descriptors using an ensemble of non-linear feature extractors.
Outlier removal using duality.
Nonparametric higher-order learning for interactive segmentation.
Vessel scale-selection using MRF optimization.
Fast globally optimal 2D human detection with loopy graph models.
Scale-hierarchical 3D object recognition in cluttered scenes.
Using cloud shadows to infer scene structure and camera calibration.
Learning kernels for variants of normalized cuts: Convex relaxations and applications.
Highly accurate boundary detection and grouping.
Free-form mesh tracking: A patch-based approach.
Aggregating local descriptors into a compact image representation.
Analyzing spatially-varying blur.
Fast matting using large kernel matting Laplacian matrices.
Discontinuous seam-carving for video retargeting.
Compression of surface registrations using Beltrami coefficients.
Fast and robust object segmentation with the Integral Linear Classifier.
Unsupervised learning of invariant features using video.
Unified graph matching in Euclidean spaces.
Probabilistic 3D occupancy flow with latent silhouette cues.
Learning 3D action models from a few 2D videos for view invariant action recognition.
Parametric dimensionality reduction by unsupervised regression.
Secrets of optical flow estimation and their principles.
Online-batch strongly convex Multi Kernel Learning.
Discrete minimum ratio curves and surfaces.
Non-uniform deblurring for shaken images.
Fast polygonal integration and its application in extending haar-like features to improve object detection.
Admissible linear map models of linear cameras.
Scalable active matching.
Comparative object similarity for improved recognition with few or no examples.
Shape-based similarity retrieval of Doppler images for clinical decision support.
Tag-based web photo retrieval improved by batch mode re-tagging.
Detecting text in natural scenes with stroke width transform.
Multiple object detection by sequential monte carlo and Hierarchical Detection Network.
Large-scale image categorization with explicit data embedding.
Multi-class object localization by combining local contextual interactions.
Chaotic invariants of Lagrangian particle trajectories for anomaly detection in crowded scenes.
Cascade object detection with deformable part models.
Metric-induced optimal embedding for intrinsic 3D shape analysis.
Taxonomic classification for web-based videos.
Learning a probabilistic model mixing 3D and 2D primitives for view invariant object recognition.
Connecting modalities: Semi-supervised segmentation and annotation of images using unaligned text corpora.
Boosting for transfer learning with multiple sources.
Integrated pedestrian classification and orientation estimation.
Optimizing one-shot recognition with micro-set learning.
Unified Real-Time Tracking and Recognition with Rotation-Invariant Fast Features.
Object recognition as ranking holistic figure-ground hypotheses.
Posture invariant surface description and feature extraction.
Quasi-dense 3D reconstruction using tensor-based multiview stereo.
Efficiently selecting regions for scene understanding.
Layered object detection for multi-class segmentation.
Fast approximate energy minimization with label costs.
Region moments: Fast invariant descriptors for detecting small image structures.
Object-graphs for context-aware category discovery.
Segmenting video into classes of algorithm-suitability.
A content-aware image prior.
Finding nemo: Deformable object class modelling using curve matching.
Scalable face image retrieval with identity-based quantization and multi-reference re-ranking.
Reconstruction of display and eyes from a single image.
Moving vistas: Exploiting motion for describing scenes.
Towards Internet-scale multi-view stereo.
Shape and refractive index recovery from single-view polarisation images.
Visual tracking decomposition.
Putting local features on a manifold.
Data driven mean-shift belief propagation for non-gaussian MRFs.
The role of features, algorithms and data in visual recognition.
Simultaneous searching of globally optimal interacting surfaces with shape priors.
Ray Markov Random Fields for image-based 3D modeling: Model and efficient inference.
Building and using a semantivisual image hierarchy.
Scale-invariant heat kernel signatures for non-rigid shape recognition.
RASL: Robust alignment by sparse and low-rank decomposition for linearly correlated images.
Learning shift-invariant sparse representation of actions.
What helps where - and why? Semantic relatedness for knowledge transfer.
Cascaded L1-norm Minimization Learning (CLML) classifier for human detection.
Relaxing the 3L algorithm for an accurate implicit polynomial fitting.
Tiered scene labeling with dynamic programming.
AAM based face tracking with temporal matching and face segmentation.
Real-time tracking of multiple occluding objects using level sets.
Morphable Reflectance Fields for enhancing face recognition.
Implicit hierarchical boosting for multi-view object detection.
Efficient rotation invariant object detection using boosted Random Ferns.
Vehicle detection and tracking in wide field-of-view aerial video.
3D model based vehicle classification in aerial imagery.
Common visual pattern discovery via spatially coherent correspondences.
Recognizing human actions from still images with latent poses.
Estimation of image bias field with sparsity constraints.
An approach to vectorial total variation based on geometric measure theory.
Simultaneous surveillance camera calibration and foot-head homology estimation from human detections.
Content-aware Ranking for visual search.
Transform coding for fast approximate nearest neighbor search in high dimensions.
Image atlas construction via intrinsic averaging on the manifold of images.
Online visual vocabulary pruning using pairwise constraints.
Toward coherent object detection and scene layout understanding.
Harvesting large-scale weakly-tagged image databases from the web.
Pose-robust albedo estimation from a single image.
Trajectory matching from unsynchronized videos.
Online multiple instance learning with no regret.
Globally optimal pixel labeling algorithms for tree metrics.
Cross-dataset action detection.
Warping background subtraction.
Estimating camera pose from a single urban ground-view omnidirectional image and a 2D building outline map.
Fast sparse representation with prototypes.
Object matching with a locally affine-invariant constraint.
Proximate sensing: Inferring what-is-where from georeferenced photo collections.
Hybrid multi-view reconstruction by Jump-Diffusion.
Consensus photometric stereo.
Exploiting global connectivity constraints for reconstruction of 3D line segments from images.
Dense interest points.
Multi-domain, higher order level set scheme for 3D image segmentation on the GPU.
Estimating demosaicing algorithms using image noise variance.
A Variance Reduction Framework for Stable Feature Selection.
A System for Mining Temporal Physiological Data Streams for Advanced Prognostic Decision Support.
Network Simplification with Minimal Loss of Connectivity.
Mining Closed Strict Episodes.
10 Years of Data Mining Research: Retrospect and Prospect.
Knowledge Discovery in Academic Drug Discovery Programs: Opportunities and Challenges.
Addressing Concept-Evolution in Concept-Drifting Data Streams.
Learning Collaborative Filtering and Its Application to People to People Recommendation in Social Networks.
Content-Based Methods for Predicting Web-Site Demographic Attributes.
On the Vulnerability of Large Graphs.
Spatiotemporal Event Detection in Mobility Network.
Subspace Clustering Meets Dense Subgraph Mining: A Synthesis of Two Paradigms.
ICDM 2010, The 10th IEEE International Conference on Data Mining, Sydney, Australia, 14-17 December 2010
Frequent Instruction Sequential Pattern Mining in Hardware Sample Data.
Spatial and Spatio-temporal Data Mining.
Visualizing Graphs Using Minimum Spanning Dendrograms.
Quantification via Probability Estimators.
Active Learning with Human-Like Noisy Oracle.
A Binary Decision Diagram-Based One-Class Classifier.
Topic Modeling Ensembles.
PGLCM: Efficient Parallel Mining of Closed Frequent Gradual Itemsets.
A Graph-Based Approach for Multi-folder Email Classification.
Mother Fugger: Mining Historical Manuscripts with Local Color Patches.
Mining Sensor Streams for Discovering Human Activity Patterns over Time.
Weighted Feature Subset Non-negative Matrix Factorization and Its Applications to Document Understanding.
Multi-label Feature Selection for Graph Classification.
Block-GP: Scalable Gaussian Process Regression for Multimodal Data.
Algorithm for Discovering Low-Variance 3-Clusters from Real-Valued Datasets.
Attribution of Conversion Events to Multi-channel Media.
Leveraging D-Separation for Relational Data Sets.
gSkeletonClu: Density-Based Network Clustering via Structure-Connected Tree Division or Agglomeration.
K-AP: Generating Specified K Clusters by Efficient Affinity Propagation.
Mixed-Membership Stochastic Block-Models for Transactional Networks.
Rare Category Characterization.
Scalable Influence Maximization in Social Networks under the Linear Threshold Model.
Financial Forecasting with Gompertz Multiple Kernel Learning.
Testing the Significance of Patterns in Data with Cluster Structure.
Location and Scatter Matching for Dataset Shift in Text Mining.
Anonymizing Temporal Data.
Factorization Machines.
Assessing Data Mining Results on Matrices with Randomization.
Multi-dimensional Mass Estimation and Mass-based Clustering.
Active Learning from Multiple Noisy Labelers with Varied Costs.
iSAX 2.0: Indexing and Mining One Billion Time Series.
Passive Sampling for Regression.
Document Similarity Self-Join with MapReduce.
NESVM: A Fast Gradient Method for Support Vector Machines.
Bayesian Aggregation of Binary Classifiers.
Multi-agent Random Walks for Local Clustering on Graphs.
Modeling Experts and Novices in Citizen Science Data for Species Distribution Modeling.
A New SVM Approach to Multi-instance Multi-label Learning.
What Do People Want in Microblogs? Measuring Interestingness of Hashtags in Twitter.
Feature Selection for Unsupervised Learning Using Random Cluster Ensembles.
ABS: The Anti Bouncing Model for Usage Data Streams.
Resilient K-d Trees: K-Means in Space Revisited.
Probabilistic Inference Protection on Anonymized Data.
Generalized Probabilistic Matrix Factorizations for Collaborative Filtering.
Transfer Learning on Heterogenous Feature Spaces via Spectral Transformation.
Permutations as Angular Data: Efficient Inference in Factorial Spaces.
LogTree: A Framework for Generating System Events from Raw Textual Logs.
Active Improvement of Hierarchical Object Features under Budget Constraints.
Discovering Multiple Clustering Solutions: Grouping Objects in Different Views of the Data.
Multi-stream Join Answering for Mining Significant Cross-Stream Correlations.
Adaptive Distances on Sets of Vectors.
Recommending Social Events from Mobile Phone Location Data.
Consequences of Variability in Classifier Performance Estimates.
Minimizing the Variance of Cluster Mixture Models for Clustering Uncertain Objects.
Discovering Correlated Subspace Clusters in 3D Continuous-Valued Data.
Hierarchical Ensemble Clustering.
Max-Clique: A Top-Down Graph-Based Approach to Frequent Pattern Mining.
Transfer Learning via Cluster Correspondence Inference.
Micro-blogging Sentiment Detection by Collaborative Online Learning.
Enhancing Single-Objective Projective Clustering Ensembles.
Collaborative Learning between Visual Content and Hidden Semantic for Image Retrieval.
Efficient Probabilistic Latent Semantic Analysis with Sparsity Control.
Causal Discovery from Streaming Features.
minCEntropy: A Novel Information Theoretic Approach for the Generation of Alternative Clusterings.
Data Editing Techniques to Allow the Application of Distance-Based Outlier Detection to Streams.
A Generalized Linear Threshold Model for Multiple Cascades.
Learning a Bi-Stochastic Data Similarity Matrix.
Exponential Family Tensor Factorization for Missing-Values Prediction and Anomaly Detection.
Bayesian Maximum Margin Clustering.
Classifier and Cluster Ensembles for Mining Concept Drifting Data Streams.
On Normalizing Fuzzy Coincidence Matrices to Compare Fuzzy and/or Possibilistic Partitions with the Rand Index.
Learning Markov Network Structure with Decision Trees.
Multi-document Summarization Using Minimum Distortion.
Mining Billion-node Graphs: Patterns, Generators and Tools.
MoodCast: Emotion Prediction via Dynamic Continuous Factor Graph Model.
Decision Trees for Uplift Modeling.
Anomaly Detection Using an Ensemble of Feature Models.
Exploiting Local Data Uncertainty to Boost Global Outlier Detection.
Efficient Semi-supervised Spectral Co-clustering with Constraints.
How to Do Good Data Mining Research and Get it Published in Top Venues.
Detecting Novel Discrepancies in Communication Networks.
Subgroup Discovery Meets Bayesian Networks -- An Exceptional Model Mining Approach.
Discovering Overlapping Groups in Social Media.
SMILE: A Similarity-Based Approach for Multiple Instance Learning.
Polishing the Right Apple: Anytime Classification Also Benefits Data Streams with Constant Arrival Times.
Efficient Discovery of the Top-K Optimal Dependency Rules with Fisher's Exact Test of Significance.
Advertising Campaigns Management: Should We Be Greedy?
Pseudo Conditional Random Fields: Joint Training Approach to Segmenting and Labeling Sequence Data.
Term Filtering with Bounded Error.
Efficient Episode Mining with Minimal and Non-overlapping Occurrences.
Towards Structural Sparsity: An Explicit l2/l0 Approach.
Training Conditional Random Fields Using Transfer Learning for Gesture Recognition.
Constraint Based Dimension Correlation and Distance Divergence for Clustering High-Dimensional Data.
Understanding of Internal Clustering Validation Measures.
Bonsai: Growing Interesting Small Trees.
Active Spectral Clustering.
Mining Public Transport Usage for Personalised Intelligent Transport Systems.
On Finding Frequent Patterns in Event Sequences.
Finding Local Anomalies in Very High Dimensional Space.
A Novel Contrast Co-learning Framework for Generating High Quality Training Data.
Node Similarities from Spreading Activation.
Averaged Stochastic Gradient Descent with Feedback: An Accurate, Robust, and Fast Training Method.
Detecting Blackhole and Volcano Patterns in Directed Networks.
Discrimination Aware Decision Tree Learning.
Edge Weight Regularization over Multiple Graphs for Similarity Learning.
One-Class Matrix Completion with Low-Density Factorizations.
Interval-valued Matrix Factorization with Applications.
Separation of Interleaved Web Sessions with Heuristic Search.
A Conscience On-line Learning Approach for Kernel-Based Clustering.
Exploiting Unlabeled Data to Enhance Ensemble Diversity.
Abstraction Augmented Markov Models.
Modeling Information Diffusion in Implicit Networks.
Viral Marketing for Multiple Products.
Sequential Latent Dirichlet Allocation: Discover Underlying Topic Structures within a Document.
Learning Attribute-to-Feature Mappings for Cold-Start Recommendations.
Accelerating Radius-Margin Parameter Selection for SVMs Using Geometric Bounds.
Stratified Sampling for Data Mining on the Deep Web.
Improved Consistent Sampling, Weighted Minhash and L1 Sketching.
Patterns on the Connected Components of Terabyte-Scale Graphs.
SONNET: Efficient Approximate Nearest Neighbor Using Multi-core.
The Effect of History on Modeling Systems' Performance: The Problem of the Demanding Lord.
An Approach for Automatic Sleep Stage Scoring and Apnea-Hypopnea Detection.
Approximation of Frequentness Probability of Itemsets in Uncertain Data.
Co-clustering of Lagged Data.
Graph-Based Semi-supervised Learning with Adaptive Similarity Estimation.
Fast and Flexible Multivariate Time Series Subsequence Search.
An Extensive Empirical Study on Semi-supervised Learning.
Supervised Link Prediction Using Multiple Sources.
An Approach Based on Tree Kernels for Opinion Mining of Online Product Reviews.
Learning Preferences with Millions of Parameters by Enforcing Sparsity.
Sparse Boolean Matrix Factorizations.
Tru-Alarm: Trustworthiness Analysis of Sensor Networks in Cyber-Physical Systems.
An Unsupervised Approach to Modeling Personalized Contexts of Mobile Users.
Improving Kernel Methods through Complex Data Mapping.
Two of a Kind or the Ratings Game? Adaptive Pairwise Preferences and Latent Factor Models.
Personalizing Web Page Recommendation via Collaborative Filtering and Topic-Aware Markov Model.
D-LDA: A Topic Modeling Approach without Constraint Generation for Semi-defined Classification.
Compressed Nonnegative Sparse Coding.
Enforcing Vocabulary k-Anonymity by Semantic Similarity Based Clustering.
On the Computation of Stochastic Search Variable Selection in Linear Regression with UDFs.
Accelerating Dynamic Time Warping Subsequence Search with GPUs and FPGAs.
A Log-Linear Model with Latent Features for Dyadic Prediction.
Monotone Relabeling in Ordinal Classification.
Clustering Large Attributed Graphs: An Efficient Incremental Approach.
QMAS: Querying, Mining and Summarization of Multi-modal Databases.
CLUSMASTER: A Clustering Approach for Sampling Data Streams in Sensor Networks.
Assessing the Significance of Groups in High-Dimensional Data.
A Pairwise-Systematic Microaggregation for Statistical Disclosure Control.
Category Mining by Heterogeneous Data Fusion Using PdLSI Model in a Retail Service.
Homotopy Regularization for Boosting.
Detecting duplicate web documents using clickthrough data.
Aspect and sentiment unification model for online review analysis.
Mining billion-node graphs: patterns, generators and tools.
Learning similarity function for rare queries.
Dynamic relationship and event discovery.
On the selection of tags for tag clouds.
Unbiased offline evaluation of contextual-bandit-based news article recommendation algorithms.
Low-order tensor decompositions for social tagging recommendation.
A two-view learning approach for image tag ranking.
Adaptive bootstrapping of recommender systems using decision trees.
Efficient indexing of repeated n-grams.
Learning to re-rank web search results with multiple pairwise features.
KMV-peer: a robust and adaptive peer-selection algorithm.
What blogs tell us about websites: a demographics study.
Mining named entities with temporally correlated bursts from multilingual web news streams.
OOLAM: an opinion oriented link analysis model for influence persona discovery.
CoBayes: bayesian knowledge corroboration with assessors of unknown areas of expertise.
Identifying topical authorities in microblogs.
Patterns of temporal variation in online media.
Introduction to display advertising: a half-day tutorial.
Strength of social influence in trust networks in product review sites.
Large-scale hierarchical text classification without labelled data.
CMAP: effective fusion of quality and relevance for multi-criteria recommendation.
Identifying task-based sessions in search engine query logs.
Inferring search behaviors using partially observable markov model with duration (POMD).
LambdaMerge: merging the results of query reformulations.
Exploiting statistical and relational information on the web and in social media.
Searchable web sites recommendation.
Searching patterns for relation extraction over the web: rediscovering the pattern-relation duality.
Optimizing two-dimensional search results presentation.
Web retrieval: the role of users.
Scalable clustering of news search results.
#TwitterSearch: a comparison of microblog search and web search.
Supervised random walks: predicting and recommending links in social networks.
Proceedings of the Forth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2011, Hong Kong, China, February 9-12, 2011
Bing dialog model: intent, knowledge and user interaction.
Topical semantics of twitter links.
Who uses web search for what: and how.
A framework for quantitative analysis of cascades on networks.
Predicting future reviews: sentiment analysis models for collaborative filtering.
Improving social bookmark search using personalised latent variable language models.
Learning website hierarchies for keyword enrichment in contextual advertising.
Understanding and predicting personal navigation.
Let web spammers expose themselves.
Batch query processing for web search engines.
Multi-dimensional search result diversification.
Materializing multi-relational databases from the web using taxonomic queries.
Transient crowd discovery on the real-time social web.
Correcting for missing data in information cascades.
The tube over time: characterizing popularity growth of youtube videos.
Crowdsourcing for search and data mining.
A probabilistic approach for learning folksonomies from structured data.
Bid generation for advanced match in sponsored search.
Crowdsourcing 101: putting the WSDM of crowds to work for you.
Optimizing merchant revenue with rebates.
Clustering product features for opinion mining.
Stochastic query covering.
User modeling for web applications.
Trend analysis model: trend consists of temporal words, topics, and timestamps.
eBay: an E-commerce marketplace as a complex network.
Ranking from pairs and triplets: information quality, evaluation methods and query complexity.
Action prediction and identification from mining temporal user behaviors.
Shopping for products you don't know you need.
An algorithmic treatment of strong queries.
On composition of a federated web search result page: using online users to provide pairwise preference for heterogeneous verticals.
Result enrichment in commerce search using browse trails.
A combined topical/non-topical approach to identifying web sites for children.
Document assignment in multi-site search engines.
Linking online news and social media.
Efficient online ad serving in a display advertising exchange.
We feel fine and searching the emotional web.
Multidimensional mining of large-scale search logs: a topic-concept cube approach.
Efficient entity resolution for large heterogeneous information spaces.
Joint training for open-domain extraction on the web: exploiting overlap when supervision is limited.
Understanding temporal query dynamics.
Using graded-relevance metrics for evaluating community QA answer selection.
Query suggestion for E-commerce sites.
A comparative analysis of cascade measures for novelty and diversity.
Cross lingual text classification by mining multilingual topics from wikipedia.
Collective extraction from heterogeneous web lists.
Mining social images with distance metric learning for automated image tagging.
Recommender systems with social regularization.
Normalizing web product attributes and discovering domain ontology with minimal effort.
Scalable knowledge harvesting with high precision and high recall.
Enhanced email spam filtering through combining similarity graphs.
Everyone's an influencer: quantifying influence on twitter.
Quality-biased ranking of web documents.
Evaluating the visual quality of web pages using a computational aesthetic approach.
Citation recommendation without author supervision.
Dynamic ranked retrieval.
Personalizing web search using long term browsing history.
Web-scale table census and classification.
Re-ranking for Multimedia Indexing and Retrieval.
Simple vs. Sophisticated Approaches for Patent Prior-Art Search.
Latent Sentiment Model for Weakly-Supervised Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification.
Role of Emotional Features in Collaborative Recommendation.
Advances in Information Retrieval - 33rd European Conference on IR Research, ECIR 2011, Dublin, Ireland, April 18-21, 2011. Proceedings
Discovering Fine-Grained Sentiment with Latent Variable Structured Prediction Models.
A Large-Scale System Evaluation on Component-Level.
Exploiting Thread Structures to Improve Smoothing of Language Models for Forum Post Retrieval.
Subspace Tracking for Latent Semantic Analysis.
Comparing Twitter and Traditional Media Using Topic Models.
ReFER: Effective Relevance Feedback for Entity Ranking.
AutoEval: An Evaluation Methodology for Evaluating Query Suggestions Using Query Logs.
Caching for Realtime Search.
Reranking Collaborative Filtering with Multiple Self-contained Modalities.
On the Contributions of Topics to System Evaluation.
An Analysis of Time-Instability in Web Search Results.
To Seek, Perchance to Fail: Expressions of User Needs in Internet Video Search.
Finding Useful Users on Twitter: Twittomender the Followee Recommender.
Passage Reranking for Question Answering Using Syntactic Structures and Answer Types.
Second Chance: A Hybrid Approach for Dynamic Result Caching in Search Engines.
How Far Are We in Trust-Aware Recommendation?
Learning Conditional Random Fields from Unaligned Data for Natural Language Understanding.
Towards Quantum-Based DB+IR Processing Based on the Principle of Polyrepresentation.
Are Semantically Related Links More Effective for Retrieval?
Summarizing a Document Stream.
Peddling or Creating? Investigating the Role of Twitter in News Reporting.
Back to the Roots: Mean-Variance Analysis of Relevance Estimations.
Rules of Thumb for Information Acquisition from Large and Redundant Data.
Processing Queries in Session in a Quantum-Inspired IR Framework.
Classic Children's Literature - Difficult to Read?
Combining Global and Local Semantic Contexts for Improving Biomedical Information Retrieval.
Personal Blog Retrieval Using Opinion Features.
Terms of a Feather: Content-Based News Recommendation and Discovery Using Twitter.
Text Classification: A Sequential Reading Approach.
Topical and Structural Linkage in Wikipedia.
Weight-Based Boosting Model for Cross-Domain Relevance Ranking Adaptation.
Representing Document Lengths with Identifiers.
Dynamic Two-Stage Image Retrieval from Large Multimodal Databases.
The Importance of the Depth for Text-Image Selection Strategy in Learning-To-Rank.
Improving Tag-Based Recommendation by Topic Diversification.
IR Research: Systems, Interaction, Evaluation and Theories.
Modeling Answerer Behavior in Collaborative Question Answering Systems.
ATTention: Understanding Authors and Topics in Context of Temporal Evolution.
Ad Retrieval Systems and : Knowledge-Based Approaches to Computational Advertising.
Web Search Query Assistance Functionality for Young Audiences.
Text Classification for a Large-Scale Taxonomy Using Dynamically Mixed Local and Global Models for a Node.
Efficient Compressed Inverted Index Skipping for Disjunctive Text-Queries.
Automatic People Tagging for Expertise Profiling in the Enterprise.
A Link Prediction Approach to Recommendations in Large-Scale User-Generated Content Systems.
TEMPER: A Temporal Relevance Feedback Method.
Combination of Feature Selection Methods for Text Categorisation.
Free-Text Search versus Complex Web Forms.
Topic Classification in Social Media Using Metadata from Hyperlinked Objects.
SkipBlock: Self-indexing for Block-Based Inverted List.
Video Retrieval Based on Words-of-Interest Selection.
Fusion vs. Two-Stage for Multimodal Retrieval.
Incorporating Query Expansion and Quality Indicators in Searching Microblog Posts.
The Limits of Retrieval Effectiveness.
Introducing the User-over-Ranking Hypothesis.
Towards Predicting Relevance Using a Quantum-Like Framework.
Smoothing Click Counts for Aggregated Vertical Search.
Design and Implementation of Relevance Assessments Using Crowdsourcing.
Clash of the Typings - Finding Controversies and Children's Topics Within Queries.
A User-Oriented Model for Expert Finding.
Multilingual Log Analysis: LogCLEF.
User-Related Tag Expansion for Web Document Clustering.
Within-Document Term-Based Index Pruning with Statistical Hypothesis Testing.
A Joint Model of Feature Mining and Sentiment Analysis for Product Review Rating.
Fractional Similarity: Cross-Lingual Feature Selection for Search.
The Power of Peers.
Learning Models for Ranking Aggregates.
Visual Exploration of Health Information for Children.
A Generalized Method for Word Sense Disambiguation Based on Wikipedia.
Interactive Trademark Image Retrieval by Fusing Semantic and Visual Content.
A Methodology for Evaluating Aggregated Search Results.
Text Retrieval Methods for Item Ranking in Collaborative Filtering.
Domain Adaptation for Text Categorization by Feature Labeling.
An Iterative Approach to Text Segmentation.
Enhancing Deniability against Query-Logs.
Simulating Simple and Fallible Relevance Feedback.
Time-Surfer: Time-Based Graphical Access to Document Content.
Improving Query Focused Summarization Using Look-Ahead Strategy.
A Comparative Experimental Assessment of a Threshold Selection Algorithm in Hierarchical Text Categorization.
In Search of Quality in Crowdsourcing for Search Engine Evaluation.
Is a Query Worth Translating: Ask the Users!
A Novel Re-ranking Approach Inspired by Quantum Measurement.
Conversation Retrieval from Twitter.
ARES: A Retrieval Engine Based on Sentiments - Sentiment-Based Search Result Annotation and Diversification.
Combining Query Translation Techniques to Improve Cross-Language Information Retrieval.
Should MT Systems Be Used as Black Boxes in CLIR?
Balancing Exploration and Exploitation in Learning to Rank Online.
Classifying with Co-stems - A New Representation for Information Filtering.
The Value of User Feedback.
Applying Machine Learning Diversity Metrics to Data Fusion in Information Retrieval.
Bringing Why-QA to Web Search.
What Makes Re-finding Information Difficult? A Study of Email Re-finding.
EDBT 2011, 14th International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Uppsala, Sweden, March 21-24, 2011, Proceedings
Constructing concept relation network and its application to personalized web search.
An optimal strategy for monitoring top-k queries in streaming windows.
True language-level SQL debugging.
On enhancing scalability for distributed RDF/S stores.
Mining closed discriminative dyadic sequential patterns.
Queries on dates: fast yet not blind.
RanKloud: a scalable ranked query processing framework on hadoop.
SPRINT: ranking search results by paths.
A probabilistic XML merging tool.
Dynamic reasoning on XML updates.
Memory-efficient frequent-itemset mining.
Predicting completion times of batch query workloads using interaction-aware models and simulation.
Synopses for probabilistic data over large domains.
Aspect-oriented relational algebra.
Road crash proneness prediction using data mining.
Probabilistic range queries for uncertain trajectories on road networks.
Efficient reverse skyline retrieval with arbitrary non-metric similarity measures.
Database researchers: plumbers or thinkers?
Designing integration flows using hypercubes.
Native support of multi-tenancy in RDBMS for software as a service.
Efficient answering of set containment queries for skewed item distributions.
A query optimization assistant for XPath.
Efficient execution plans for distributed skyline query processing.
Effective and efficient sampling methods for deep web aggregation queries.
Algebraic incremental maintenance of XML views.
Answering tree pattern queries using views: a revisit.
Link-based hidden attribute discovery for objects on Web.
Experience in Continuous analytics as a Service (CaaaS).
SLA-tree: a framework for efficiently supporting SLA-based decisions in cloud computing.
Unraveling multi-dimensional data using pDView.
Real-time approximate Range Motif discovery & data redundancy removal algorithm.
Energy proportionality for disk storage using replication.
SeMiTri: a framework for semantic annotation of heterogeneous trajectories.
Data integration with dependent sources.
Keyword-based, context-aware selection of natural language query patterns.
Novel techniques to reduce search space in multiple minimum supports-based frequent pattern mining algorithms.
Efficient discovery of frequent subgraph patterns in uncertain graph databases.
Subspace clustering for indexing high dimensional data: a main memory index based on local reductions and individual multi-representations.
On (not) indexing quadratic form distance by metric access methods.
Taking the OXPath down the deep web.
The hidden web, XML and the Semantic Web: scientific data management perspectives.
Big data and cloud computing: current state and future opportunities.
Map-reduce extensions and recursive queries.
TAGs: scalable threshold-based algorithms for proximity computation in graphs.
QueryViz: helping users understand SQL queries and their patterns.
TPM: supporting pattern matching queries for road-network trajectory data.
Symmetrizations for clustering directed graphs.
Finding closed frequent item sets by intersecting transactions.
Sequenced event set pattern matching.
SocialSearch: enhancing entity search with social network matching.
Caching query-biased snippets for efficient retrieval.
Fast and accurate computation of equi-depth histograms over data streams.
Schema matching and mapping: from usage to evaluation.
GPX-matcher: a generic boolean predicate-based XPath expression matcher.
SITAC: discovering in text archives.
Projection for XML update optimization.
TopRecs: Top-k algorithms for item-based collaborative filtering.
Fast random graph generation.
Efficient and scalable data evolution with column oriented databases.
Making interval-based clustering rank-aware.
Unified structure and content search for personal information management systems.
Active learning based frequent itemset mining over the deep web.
LTS: Discriminative subgraph mining by learning from search history.
Preference-based datacube analysis with MYOLAP.
The extensibility framework in Microsoft StreamInsight.
On dimensionality reduction of massive graphs for indexing and retrieval.
Next generation data integration for Life Sciences.
Accurate latency estimation in a distributed event processing system.
GuideMe! The World of sights in your pocket.
Deriving probabilistic databases with inference ensembles.
Relational databases, virtualization, and the cloud.
Real-time pattern matching with FPGAs.
Updating XML schemas and associated documents through exup.
MaxFirst for MaxBRkNN.
Finding top-k profitable products.
Stochastic skyline operator.
SQPR: Stream query planning with reuse.
Proceedings of the 27th International Conference on Data Engineering, ICDE 2011, April 11-16, 2011, Hannover, Germany
Outlier detection in graph streams.
ES: A cloud data storage system for supporting both OLTP and OLAP.
Flexible use of cloud resources through profit maximization and price discrimination.
CubeLSI: An effective and efficient method for searching resources in social tagging systems.
Advanced search, visualization and tagging of sensor metadata.
DBridge: A program rewrite tool for set-oriented query execution.
Bidirectional mining of non-redundant recurrent rules from a sequence database.
Processing private queries over untrusted data cloud through privacy homomorphism.
Influence zone: Efficiently processing reverse k nearest neighbors queries.
Identity obfuscation in graphs through the information theoretic lens.
Automatic generation of mediated schemas through reasoning over data dependencies.
High-performance nested CEP query processing over event streams.
Mining large graphs: Algorithms, inference, and discoveries.
Transactional In-Page Logging for multiversion read consistency and recovery.
Interactive itinerary planning.
Efficient SPectrAl Neighborhood blocking for entity resolution.
RCFile: A fast and space-efficient data placement structure in MapReduce-based warehouse systems.
Selectivity estimation of twig queries on cyclic graphs.
Preventing equivalence attacks in updated, anonymized data.
Efficient continuously moving top-k spatial keyword query processing.
Adding regular expressions to graph reachability and pattern queries.
Predicting in-memory database performance for automating cluster management tasks.
Dynamic prioritization of database queries.
Subscriber assignment for wide-area content-based publish/subscribe.
Join queries on uncertain data: Semantics and efficient processing.
MobiMix: Protecting location privacy with mix-zones over road networks.
Consensus spectral clustering in near-linear time.
On query result diversification.
Social networking on top of the WebdamExchange system.
Partitioning techniques for fine-grained indexing.
NORMS: An automatic tool to perform schema label normalization.
T-verifier: Verifying truthfulness of fact statements.
SkyEngine: Efficient Skyline search engine for Continuous Skyline computations.
Continuous monitoring of distance-based outliers over data streams.
Fast-join: An efficient method for fuzzy token matching based string similarity join.
Distributed cube materialization on holistic measures.
Implementing sentinels in the TARGIT BI suite.
SMM: A data stream management system for knowledge discovery.
Real-time quantification and classification of consistency anomalies in multi-tier architectures.
Query optimizer plan diagrams: Production, reduction and applications.
How schema independent are schema free query interfaces?
Massively parallel XML twig filtering using dynamic programming on FPGAs.
Keyword-based search and exploration on databases.
PrefJoin: An efficient preference-aware join operator.
Ontological queries: Rewriting and optimization.
Interval-based pruning for top-k processing over compressed lists.
Continuous, online monitoring and analysis in large water distribution networks.
High performance database logging using storage class memory.
One-copy serializability with snapshot isolation under the hood.
Memory-constrained aggregate computation over data streams.
Algorithms for local sensor synchronization.
Schemas for safe and efficient XML processing.
Ruby on semantic web.
Characteristic sets: Accurate cardinality estimation for RDF queries with multiple joins.
Web-scale information extraction with vertex.
Using Markov Chain Monte Carlo to play Trivia.
Top-k keyword search over probabilistic XML data.
Non-metric similarity search problems in very large collections.
Monte Carlo query processing of uncertain multidimensional array data.
Semantic stream query optimization exploiting dynamic metadata.
Decomposing DAGs into spanning trees: A new way to compress transitive closures.
Preference queries over sets.
Semi-Streamed Index Join for near-real time execution of ETL transformations.
Modern B-tree techniques.
Generating test data for killing SQL mutants: A constraint-based approach.
Collaborative caching for spatial queries in Mobile P2P Networks.
Computing structural statistics by keywords in databases.
Spatio-temporal joins on symbolic indoor tracking data.
Knowledge transfer with low-quality data: A feature extraction issue.
General secure sensor aggregation in the presence of malicious nodes.
Efficient maintenance of common keys in archives of continuous query results from deep websites.
DiRec: Diversified recommendations for semantic-less Collaborative Filtering.
A novel probabilistic pruning approach to speed up similarity queries in uncertain databases.
Distributed data management in 2020?
RAFTing MapReduce: Fast recovery on the RAFT.
Representative skylines using threshold-based preference distributions.
A continuous query system for dynamic route planning.
Selectivity estimation for extraction operators over text data.
Jackpine: A benchmark to evaluate spatial database performance.
Statistical selection of relevant subspace projections for outlier ranking.
Towards exploratory hypothesis testing and analysis.
HashFile: An efficient index structure for multimedia data.
A unified model for data and constraint repair.
SmartTrace: Finding similar trajectories in smartphone networks without disclosing the traces.
Authentication of moving kNN queries.
Robust query processing.
Answering approximate string queries on large data sets using external memory.
SystemML: Declarative machine learning on MapReduce.
Secure and efficient in-network processing of exact SUM queries.
Creating probabilistic databases from imprecise time-series data.
Similarity measures for multidimensional data.
Efficient core decomposition in massive networks.
Interactive SQL query suggestion: Making databases user-friendly.
CT-index: Fingerprint-based graph indexing combining cycles and trees.
Adapting microsoft SQL server for cloud computing.
Program transformations for asynchronous query submission.
The Proactive Promotion Engine.
Spectrum based fraud detection in social networks.
A new, highly efficient, and easy to implement top-down join enumeration algorithm.
Discovering popular routes from trajectories.
Efficient XQuery rewriting using multiple views.
Integrating code search into the development session.
Intelligent management of virtualized resources for database systems in cloud environment.
AMC - A framework for modelling and comparing matching systems as matching processes.
Large scale Hamming distance query processing.
Scientific workflow design 2.0: Demonstrating streaming data collections in Kepler.
Extensibility and Data Sharing in evolving multi-tenant databases.
Precisely Serializable Snapshot Isolation (PSSI).
Outlier detection on uncertain data: Objects, instances, and inferences.
Embarrassingly scalable database systems.
Providing support for full relational algebra in probabilistic databases.
Locality Sensitive Outlier Detection: A ranking driven approach.
Hyracks: A flexible and extensible foundation for data-intensive computing.
ATOM: Automatic target-driven ontology merging.
Discovery of complex glitch patterns: A novel approach to Quantitative Data Cleaning.
HyPer: A hybrid OLTP&OLAP main memory database system based on virtual memory snapshots.
EdiFlow: Data-intensive interactive workflows for visual analytics.
XClean: Providing valid spelling suggestions for XML keyword queries.
Playing games with databases.
Optimal location queries in road network databases.
On data dependencies in dataspaces.
CompRec-Trip: A composite recommendation system for travel planning.
A unified approach for computing top-k pairs in multidimensional space.
Classification Probabilistic PCA with Application in Domain Adaptation.
Real-Time Change-Point Detection Using Sequentially Discounting Normalized Maximum Likelihood Coding.
Faster and Parameter-Free Discord Search in Quasi-Periodic Time Series.
Margin-Based Over-Sampling Method for Learning from Imbalanced Datasets.
Pattern Mining for a Two-Stage Information Filtering System.
On Sampling Type Distribution from Heterogeneous Social Networks.
High-Order Co-clustering Text Data on Semantics-Based Representation Model.
Automatic Assignment of Item Weights for Pattern Mining on Data Streams.
Nonlinear Discriminative Embedding for Clustering via Spectral Regularization.
The Role of Hubness in Clustering High-Dimensional Data.
Knowledge Transfer across Multilingual Corpora via Latent Topics.
Using Classifier-Based Nominal Imputation to Improve Machine Learning.
Learning the Funding Momentum of Research Projects.
Efficient Centrality Monitoring for Time-Evolving Graphs.
A Rule-Based Method for Customer Churn Prediction in Telecommunication Services.
Chinese Categorization and Novelty Mining.
A Bayesian Framework for Learning Shared and Individual Subspaces from Multiple Data Sources.
Asking Generalized Queries with Minimum Cost.
Improving Nearest Neighbor with Exemplar Generalization for Imbalanced Classification.
Random Ensemble Decision Trees for Learning Concept-Drifting Data Streams.
Sample Subset Optimization for Classifying Imbalanced Biological Data.
Improved Spectral Hashing.
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining - 15th Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD 2011, Shenzhen, China, May 24-27, 2011, Proceedings, Part II
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining - 15th Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD 2011, Shenzhen, China, May 24-27, 2011, Proceedings, Part I
Evaluating Pattern Set Mining Strategies in a Constraint Programming Framework.
Adaptive and Effective Keyword Search for XML.
Balance Support Vector Machines Locally Using the Structural Similarity Kernel.
Semantic Dependent Word Pairs Generative Model for Fine-Grained Product Feature Mining.
Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification via Bi-view Non-negative Matrix Tri-Factorization.
A Sequential Dynamic Multi-class Model and Recursive Filtering by Variational Bayesian Methods.
SizeSpotSigs: An Effective Deduplicate Algorithm Considering the Size of Page Content.
Semi-supervised Parameter-Free Divisive Hierarchical Clustering of Categorical Data.
Constrained LDA for Grouping Product Features in Opinion Mining.
An Instance Selection Algorithm Based on Reverse Nearest Neighbor.
The Unsymmetrical-Style Co-training.
Mining Maximal Co-located Event Sets.
A Subpath Kernel for Rooted Unordered Trees.
A Game Theoretic Approach for Feature Clustering and Its Application to Feature Selection.
Efficiently Retrieving Longest Common Route Patterns of Moving Objects By Summarizing Turning Regions.
An Effective Density-Based Hierarchical Clustering Technique to Identify Coherent Patterns from Gene Expression Data.
Probabilistic Matrix Factorization Leveraging Contexts for Unsupervised Relation Extraction.
XML Documents Clustering Using a Tensor Space Model.
Predicting Private Company Exits Using Qualitative Data.
Feature Selection Strategy in Text Classification.
Steering Time-Dependent Estimation of Posteriors with Hyperparameter Indexing in Bayesian Topic Models.
Unsupervised Feature Weighting Based on Local Feature Relatedness.
Are Tensor Decomposition Solutions Unique? On the Global Convergence HOSVD and ParaFac Algorithms.
Self-adjust Local Connectivity Analysis for Spectral Clustering.
Grammatical Dependency-Based Relations for Term Weighting in Text Classification.
Combining Proper Name-Coreference with Conditional Random Fields for Semi-supervised Named Entity Recognition in Vietnamese Text.
An Adaptive Fuzzy -Nearest Neighbor Method Based on Parallel Particle Swarm Optimization for Bankruptcy Prediction.
Spatial Entropy-Based Clustering for Mining Data with Spatial Correlation.
Topic Analysis of Web User Behavior Using LDA Model on Proxy Logs.
An Effective Feature Selection Method for Text Categorization.
An Efficient Pre-processing Method to Identify Logical Components from PDF Documents.
Identifying Hidden Contexts in Classification.
Using Constraints to Generate and Explore Higher Order Discriminative Patterns.
Collaborative Data Cleaning for Sentiment Classification with Noisy Training Corpus.
Agent-Based Subspace Clustering.
RKOF: Robust Kernel-Based Local Outlier Detection.
Probabilistic Feature Extraction from Multivariate Time Series Using Spatio-Temporal Constraints.
Large Scale Real-Life Action Recognition Using Conditional Random Fields with Stochastic Training.
Class Confidence Weighted NN Algorithms for Imbalanced Data Sets.
Multi-agent Based Classification Using Argumentation from Experience.
Packing Alignment: Alignment for Sequences of Various Length Events.
Compression for Anti-Adversarial Learning.
Predicting Friendship Links in Social Networks Using a Topic Modeling Approach.
ListOPT: Learning to Optimize for XML Ranking.
Dynamic Ordering-Based Search Algorithm for Markov Blanket Discovery.
An IFS-Based Similarity Measure to Index Electroencephalograms.
Graph-Based Clustering with Constraints.
Learning to Advertise: How Many Ads Are Enough?
Utilizing Past Relations and User Similarities in a Social Matching System.
Ant Colony Optimization with Markov Random Walk for Community Detection in Graphs.
Multiple Distribution Data Description Learning Algorithm for Novelty Detection.
Ranking Individuals and Groups by Influence Propagation.
Tracing Evolving Clusters by Subspace and Value Similarity.
INSIGHT: Efficient and Effective Instance Selection for Time-Series Classification.
DISC: Data-Intensive Similarity Measure for Categorical Data.
Mining Association Rules for Label Ranking.
LGM: Mining Frequent Subgraphs from Linear Graphs.
Local Feature Based Tensor Kernel for Image Manifold Learning.
Spectral Analysis of -Balanced Signed Graphs.
TeamSkill: Modeling Team Chemistry in Online Multi-player Games.
Item Set Mining Based on Cover Similarity.
Multiple Time-Series Prediction through Multiple Time-Series Relationships Profiling and Clustered Recurring Trends.
Spectral Analysis for Billion-Scale Graphs: Discoveries and Implementation.
Mining Sequential Patterns from Probabilistic Databases.
A Partial Correlation-Based Bayesian Network Structure Learning Algorithm under SEM.
Finding Rare Classes: Adapting Generative and Discriminative Models in Active Learning.
RADAR: Rare Category Detection via Computation of Boundary Degree.
Info-Cluster Based Regional Influence Analysis in Social Networks.
Proceedings of the 30th ACM SIGMOD-SIGACT-SIGART Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, PODS 2011, June 12-16, 2011, Athens, Greece
Finding a minimal tree pattern under neighborhood constraints.
Provenance for aggregate queries.
Parallel evaluation of conjunctive queries.
Querying semantic web data with SPARQL.
A quest for beauty and wealth (or, business processes for database researchers).
A rule-based language for web data management.
On the complexity of privacy-preserving complex event processing.
Relational transducers for declarative networking.
The complexity of text-preserving XML transformations.
Theory of data stream computing: where to go.
Determining relevance of accesses at runtime.
Querying graph patterns.
Provenance views for module privacy.
New results on two-dimensional orthogonal range aggregation in external memory.
Efficient evaluation for a temporal logic on changing XML documents.
Get the most out of your sample: optimal unbiased estimators using partial information.
On finding skylines in external memory.
Pan-private algorithms via statistics on sketches.
Determining the currency of data.
Data exchange beyond complete data.
Maximizing conjunctive views in deletion propagation.
FIFO indexes for decomposable problems.
On provenance minimization.
Rewrite rules for search database systems.
Incomplete information and certain answers in general data models.
Space-efficient substring occurrence estimation.
Beyond simple aggregates: indexing for summary queries.
Tight bounds for Lp samplers, finding duplicates in streams, and related problems.
Proceedings of the ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data, SIGMOD 2011, Athens, Greece, June 12-16, 2011
Differentially private data cubes: optimizing noise sources and consistency.
Automated partitioning design in parallel database systems.
Changing flights in mid-air: a model for safely modifying continuous queries.
Sharing work in keyword search over databases.
Tweets as data: demonstration of TweeQL and Twitinfo.
Faerie: efficient filtering algorithms for approximate dictionary-based entity extraction.
E-Cube: multi-dimensional event sequence analysis using hierarchical pattern query sharing.
Turbocharging DBMS buffer pool using SSDs.
Collective spatial keyword querying.
CrowdDB: answering queries with crowdsourcing.
NetTrails: a declarative platform for maintaining and querying provenance in distributed systems.
Scalable query rewriting: a graph-based approach.
Privacy-aware data management in information networks.
Data management over flash memory.
Local graph sparsification for scalable clustering.
Reverse spatial and textual k nearest neighbor search.
Rapid development of web-based query interfacesfor XML datasets with QURSED.
Joint unsupervised structure discovery and information extraction.
ATLAS: a probabilistic algorithm for high dimensional similarity search.
Entangled queries: enabling declarative data-driven coordination.
Nova: continuous Pig/Hadoop workflows.
No free lunch in data privacy.
Neighborhood-privacy protected shortest distance computing in cloud.
Coordination through querying in the youtopia system.
A new approach for processing ranked subsequence matching based on ranked union.
Automatic discovery of attributes in relational databases.
Exelixis: evolving ontology-based data integration system.
Learning statistical models from relational data.
Efficient query answering in probabilistic RDF graphs.
Tracing data errors with view-conditioned causality.
Finding shortest path on land surface.
SQL server column store indexes.
StreamRec: a real-time recommender system.
LinkDB: a probabilistic linkage database system.
Sampling based algorithms for quantile computation in sensor networks.
Efficient exact edit similarity query processing with the asymmetric signature scheme.
Advancing data clustering via projective clustering ensembles.
Attribute domain discovery for hidden web databases.
Warding off the dangers of data corruption with amulet.
Finding semantics in time series.
A memory efficient reachability data structure through bit vector compression.
Effective data co-reduction for multimedia similarity search.
Exact indexing for support vector machines.
Apache hadoop goes realtime at Facebook.
Apples and oranges: a comparison of RDF benchmarks and real RDF datasets.
GBLENDER: visual subgraph query formulation meets query processing.
We challenge you to certify your updates.
On k-skip shortest paths.
Querying uncertain data with aggregate constraints.
Efficient auditing for complex SQL queries.
Schema-as-you-go: on probabilistic tagging and querying of wide tables.
TI: an efficient indexing mechanism for real-time search on tweets.
Operation-aware buffer management in flash-based systems.
An analytic data engine for visualization in tableau.
Graph cube: on warehousing and OLAP multidimensional networks.
More efficient datalog queries: subsumptive tabling beats magic sets.
BRRL: a recovery library for main-memory applications in the cloud.
iGraph in action: performance analysis of disk-based graph indexing techniques.
Pay-as-you-go mapping selection in dataspaces.
SPROUT: a squared query engine for uncertain web data.
Schedule optimization for data processing flows on the cloud.
TrustedDB: a trusted hardware based database with privacy and data confidentiality.
Search computing: multi-domain search on ranked data.
Latent OLAP: data cubes over latent variables.
Incremental graph pattern matching.
How soccer players would do stream joins.
Fast personalized PageRank on MapReduce.
SkylineSearch: semantic ranking and result visualization for pubmed.
WINACS: construction and analysis of web-based computer science information networks.
Location-aware type ahead search on spatial databases: semantics and efficiency.
Internet scale storage.
Online reorganization in read optimized MMDBS.
Efficient diversity-aware search.
Oracle database filesystem.
Web data management.
Efficient processing of data warehousing queries in a split execution environment.
Processing theta-joins using MapReduce.
A platform for scalable one-pass analytics using MapReduce.
ArrayStore: a storage manager for complex parallel array processing.
ProApproX: a lightweight approximation query processor over probabilistic trees.
MaSM: efficient online updates in data warehouses.
RAFT at work: speeding-up mapreduce applications under task and node failures.
Data generation using declarative constraints.
Context-sensitive ranking for document retrieval.
CONFLuEnCE: CONtinuous workFLow ExeCution Engine.
SkimpyStash: RAM space skimpy key-value store on flash-based storage.
LCI: a social channel analysis platform for live customer intelligence.
Bistro data feed management system.
Designing and refining schema mappings via data examples.
Labeling recursive workflow executions on-the-fly.
Keyword search over relational databases: a metadata approach.
Workload-aware database monitoring and consolidation.
Automatic example queries for ad hoc databases.
Hybrid in-database inference for declarative information extraction.
Querying contract databases based on temporal behavior.
BE-tree: an index structure to efficiently match boolean expressions over high-dimensional discrete space.
Jigsaw: efficient optimization over uncertain enterprise data.
A batch of PNUTS: experiences connecting cloud batch and serving systems.
A cross-service travel engine for trip planning.
Leveraging query logs for schema mapping generation in U-MAP.
Skyline query processing over joins.
Design and evaluation of main memory hash join algorithms for multi-core CPUs.
Assessing and ranking structural correlations in graphs.
NOAM: news outlets analysis and monitoring system.
Emerging trends in the enterprise data analytics: connecting Hadoop and DB2 warehouse.
Interaction between record matching and data repairing.
U-MAP: a system for usage-based schema matching and mapping.
Efficient parallel skyline processing using hyperplane projections.
A Hadoop based distributed loading approach to parallel data warehouses.
Predicting cost amortization for query services.
Datalog and emerging applications: an interactive tutorial.
Zephyr: live migration in shared nothing databases for elastic cloud platforms.
Llama: leveraging columnar storage for scalable join processing in the MapReduce framework.
Fuzzy prophet: parameter exploration in uncertain enterprise scenarios.
Query optimization techniques for partitioned tables.
EnBlogue: emergent topic detection in web 2.0 streams.
Ranking with uncertain scoring functions: semantics and sensitivity measures.
WHAM: a high-throughput sequence alignment method.
Managing scientific data: lessons, challenges, and opportunities.
Fast checkpoint recovery algorithms for frequently consistent applications.
Performance prediction for concurrent database workloads.
A data-oriented transaction execution engine and supporting tools.
LazyFTL: a page-level flash translation layer optimized for NAND flash memory.
One-pass data mining algorithms in a DBMS with UDFs.
Facet discovery for structured web search: a query-log mining approach.
DBWiki: a structured wiki for curated data and collaborative data management.
Sensitivity analysis and explanations for robust query evaluation in probabilistic databases.
Neighborhood based fast graph search in large networks.
Large-scale copy detection.
Score-consistent algebraic optimization of full-text search queries with GRAFT.
Nearest keyword search in XML documents.
iReduct: differential privacy with reduced relative errors.
A latency and fault-tolerance optimizer for online parallel query plans.
Inspector gadget: a framework for custom monitoring and debugging of distributed dataflows.
Efficient and generic evaluation of ranked queries.
The SystemT IDE: an integrated development environment for information extraction rules.
Flexible aggregate similarity search.
WattDB: an energy-proportional cluster of wimpy nodes.
Demonstration of Qurk: a query processor for humanoperators.
MOBIES: mobile-interface enhancement service for hidden web database.
Mining a search engine's corpus: efficient yet unbiased sampling and aggregate estimation.
Proceedings of the 20th International Conference on World Wide Web, WWW 2011, Hyderabad, India, March 28 - April 1, 2011
SEISA: set expansion by iterative similarity aggregation.
we.b: the web of short urls.
Mark my words!: linguistic style accommodation in social media.
Towards semantic knowledge propagation from text corpus to web images.
Online spelling correction for query completion.
Towards a theory model for product search.
Incentivizing high-quality user-generated content.
Designing the web for an open society.
ARROW: GenerAting SignatuRes to Detect DRive-By DOWnloads.
Query segmentation revisited.
A better uncle for OWL: nominal schemas for integrating rules and ontologies.
Pay as you browse: microcomputations as micropayments in web-based services.
Information credibility on twitter.
Supporting synchronous social q&a throughout the question lifecycle.
Finding hierarchy in directed online social networks.
Parallel boosted regression trees for web search ranking.
A game theoretic formulation of the service provisioning problem in cloud systems.
The web of topics: discovering the topology of topic evolution in a corpus.
Like like alike: joint friendship and interest propagation in social networks.
Learning to model relatedness for news recommendation.
Inverted index compression via online document routing.
Layered label propagation: a multiresolution coordinate-free ordering for compressing social networks.
Evaluating new search engine configurations with pre-existing judgments and clicks.
Here, there, and everywhere: correlated online behaviors can lead to overestimates of the effects of advertising.
Limiting the spread of misinformation in social networks.
Efficient k-nearest neighbor graph construction for generic similarity measures.
Adaptive policies for selecting groupon style chunked reward ads in a stochastic knapsack framework.
A unified framework for recommending diverse and relevant queries.
Context-sensitive query auto-completion.
Estimating sizes of social networks via biased sampling.
On the informativeness of cascade and intent-aware effectiveness measures.
Milgram-routing in social networks.
A stochastic learning-to-rank algorithm and its application to contextual advertising.
Learning to rank with multiple objective functions.
The design and usage of tentative events for time-based social coordination in the enterprise.
A distributed framework for reliable and efficient service choreographies.
Pragmatic evaluation of folksonomies.
Search result diversity for informational queries.
Web scale NLP: a case study on url word breaking.
EP-SPARQL: a unified language for event processing and stream reasoning.
Modeling the temporal dynamics of social rating networks using bidirectional effects of social relations and rating patterns.
Turkalytics: analytics for human computation.
Semi-supervised truth discovery.
A self-training approach for resolving object coreference on the semantic web.
Games, algorithms, and the Internet.
Measuring a commercial content delivery network.
Generalized link suggestions via web site clustering.
Geographical topic discovery and comparison.
Information spreading in context.
SCAD: collective discovery of attribute values.
Prophiler: a fast filter for the large-scale detection of malicious web pages.
A word at a time: computing word relatedness using temporal semantic analysis.
Highly efficient algorithms for structural clustering of large websites.
SafeVchat: detecting obscene content and misbehaving users in online video chat services.
An expressive mechanism for auctions on the web.
Characterizing search intent diversity into click models.
We know who you followed last summer: inferring social link creation times in twitter.
Improving recommendation for long-tail queries via templates.
FACTO: a fact lookup engine based on web tables.
Choreography conformance via synchronizability.
Automatic construction of a context-aware sentiment lexicon: an optimization approach.
A case for query by image and text content: searching computer help using screenshots and keywords.
How can scientists help to spread the web to all sections of the society.
SourceRank: relevance and trust assessment for deep web sources based on inter-source agreement.
Video summarization via transferrable structured learning.
Rewriting queries on SPARQL views.
Buy-it-now or take-a-chance: a simple sequential screening mechanism.
Efficiently evaluating graph constraints in content-based publish/subscribe.
Who says what to whom on twitter.
Heat-seeking honeypots: design and experience.
Addressing people's information needs directly in a web search result page.
Unified analysis of streaming news.
HyperANF: approximating the neighbourhood function of very large graphs on a budget.
Dynamics of bidding in a P2P lending service: effects of herding and predicting loan success.
Finding the bias and prestige of nodes in networks based on trust scores.
Counting triangles and the curse of the last reducer.
Differences in the mechanics of information diffusion across topics: idioms, political hashtags, and complex contagion on twitter.
Learning to re-rank: query-dependent image re-ranking using click data.
Statically locating web application bugs caused by asynchronous calls.
Sparse hidden-dynamics conditional random fields for user intent understanding.
Model characterization curves for federated search using click-logs: predicting user engagement metrics for the span of feasible operating points.
Network bucket testing.
Consideration set generation in commerce search.
Track globally, deliver locally: improving content delivery networks by tracking geographic social cascades.
Learning to Infer Social Ties in Large Networks.
COSNet: A Cost Sensitive Neural Network for Semi-supervised Learning in Graphs.
Celebrity Watch: Browsing News Content by Exploiting Social Intelligence.
Datum-Wise Classification: A Sequential Approach to Sparsity.
Network Regression with Predictive Clustering Trees.
Permutation Structure in 0-1 Data.
An Analysis of Probabilistic Methods for Top-N Recommendation in Collaborative Filtering.
Fast and Memory-Efficient Discovery of the Top-k Relevant Subgroups in a Reduced Candidate Space.
Highly Dimensional Problems in Computational Advertising.
Active Supervised Domain Adaptation.
MIME: A Framework for Interactive Visual Pattern Mining.
Online Clustering of High-Dimensional Trajectories under Concept Drift.
Larger Residuals, Less Work: Active Document Scheduling for Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
Constrained Laplacian Score for Semi-supervised Feature Selection.
Label Noise-Tolerant Hidden Markov Models for Segmentation: Application to ECGs.
Learning Good Edit Similarities with Generalization Guarantees.
Multiview Semi-supervised Learning for Ranking Multilingual Documents.
Gaussian Logic for Predictive Classification.
Toward a Fair Review-Management System.
Influence and Passivity in Social Media.
A Game Theoretic Framework for Data Privacy Preservation in Recommender Systems.
Analyzing Word Frequencies in Large Text Corpora Using Inter-arrival Times and Bootstrapping.
Clustering Rankings in the Fourier Domain.
DB-CSC: A Density-Based Approach for Subspace Clustering in Graphs with Feature Vectors.
Traffic Jams Detection Using Flock Mining.
Parallel Structural Graph Clustering.
Feature Selection for Transfer Learning.
Link Prediction via Matrix Factorization.
Efficiently Approximating Markov Tree Bagging for High-Dimensional Density Estimation.
Manifold Coarse Graining for Online Semi-supervised Learning.
Constrained Logistic Regression for Discriminative Pattern Mining.
Fast Support Vector Machines for Structural Kernels.
The VC-Dimension of SQL Queries and Selectivity Estimation through Sampling.
Higher Order Contractive Auto-Encoder.
Reinforcement Learning through Global Stochastic Search in N-MDPs.
Reading Customers Needs and Expectations with Analytics.
Novel Fusion Methods for Pattern Recognition.
Privacy Preserving Semi-supervised Learning for Labeled Graphs.
Preference Elicitation and Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
Smart Cities: How Data Mining and Optimization Can Shape Future Cities.
Ancestor Relations in the Presence of Unobserved Variables.
A Robust Ranking Methodology Based on Diverse Calibration of AdaBoost.
Kernels for Link Prediction with Latent Feature Models.
Motion Segmentation by Model-Based Clustering of Incomplete Trajectories.
On Oblique Random Forests.
ShareBoost: Boosting for Multi-view Learning with Performance Guarantees.
A Spectral Learning Algorithm for Finite State Transducers.
Generalized Dictionary Learning for Symmetric Positive Definite Matrices with Application to Nearest Neighbor Retrieval.
Constraint Selection for Semi-supervised Topological Clustering.
Resource-Aware On-line RFID Localization Using Proximity Data.
Multi-label Ensemble Learning.
Learning the Parameters of Probabilistic Logic Programs from Interpretations.
A Boosting Approach to Multiview Classification with Cooperation.
Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases - European Conference, ECML PKDD 2011, Athens, Greece, September 5-9, 2011, Proceedings, Part III
Transfer Learning with Adaptive Regularizers.
Focused Multi-task Learning Using Gaussian Processes.
Sparse Kernel-SARSA(λ) with an Eligibility Trace.
Comparing Probabilistic Models for Melodic Sequences.
Fast Projections onto ℓ1, q -Norm Balls for Grouped Feature Selection.
Fast Approximate Text Document Clustering Using Compressive Sampling.
TRUMIT: A Tool to Support Large-Scale Mining of Text Association Rules.
Preference-Based Policy Iteration: Leveraging Preference Learning for Reinforcement Learning.
Is There a Best Quality Metric for Graph Clusters?
PerTurbo: A New Classification Algorithm Based on the Spectrum Perturbations of the Laplace-Beltrami Operator.
MOA: A Real-Time Analytics Open Source Framework.
A Selecting-the-Best Method for Budgeted Model Selection.
Online Structure Learning for Markov Logic Networks.
Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases - European Conference, ECML PKDD 2011, Athens, Greece, September 5-9, 2011. Proceedings, Part I
Learning Monotone Nonlinear Models Using the Choquet Integral.
An Alternating Direction Method for Dual MAP LP Relaxation.
Algorithms and Challenges on the GeoWeb.
Learning from Inconsistent and Unreliable Annotators by a Gaussian Mixture Model and Bayesian Information Criterion.
Mining Research Topic-Related Influence between Academia and Industry.
Multi-Subspace Representation and Discovery.
Active Learning with Evolving Streaming Data.
ARTEMIS: Assessing the Similarity of Event-Interval Sequences.
Discovering Temporal Bisociations for Linking Concepts over Time.
Fourier-Information Duality in the Identity Management Problem.
Sampling Table Configurations for the Hierarchical Poisson-Dirichlet Process.
Tensor Factorization Using Auxiliary Information.
Active Learning of Model Parameters for Influence Maximization.
Learning Recommendations in Social Media Systems by Weighting Multiple Relations.
Minimum Neighbor Distance Estimators of Intrinsic Dimension.
Embracing Uncertainty: Applied Machine Learning Comes of Age.
Frequency-Aware Truncated Methods for Sparse Online Learning.
Eigenvector Sensitive Feature Selection for Spectral Clustering.
MetaData Retrieval: A Software Prototype for the Annotation of Maps with Social Metadata.
Restricted Deep Belief Networks for Multi-view Learning.
Aggregating Independent and Dependent Models to Learn Multi-label Classifiers.
Efficient Mining of Top Correlated Patterns Based on Null-Invariant Measures.
A Community-Based Pseudolikelihood Approach for Relationship Labeling in Social Networks.
A Geometric Approach to Find Nondominated Policies to Imprecise Reward MDPs.
Abductive Plan Recognition by Extending Bayesian Logic Programs.
Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases - European Conference, ECML PKDD 2011, Athens, Greece, September 5-9, 2011, Proceedings, Part II
Non-redundant Subgroup Discovery in Large and Complex Data.
Tracking Concept Change with Incremental Boosting by Minimization of the Evolving Exponential Loss.
Compact Coding for Hyperplane Classifiers in Heterogeneous Environment.
PTMSearch: A Greedy Tree Traversal Algorithm for Finding Protein Post-Translational Modifications in Tandem Mass Spectra.
Analyzing and Escaping Local Optima in Planning as Inference for Partially Observable Domains.
Mining Actionable Partial Orders in Collections of Sequences.
Learning from Constraints.
Smooth Receiver Operating Characteristics (smROC) Curves.
iDVS: An Interactive Multi-document Visual Summarization System.
A Novel Stability Based Feature Selection Framework for k-means Clustering.
A Shapley Value Approach for Influence Attribution.
Preference-Based Policy Learning.
Generalized Agreement Statistics over Fixed Group of Experts.
Correcting Bias in Statistical Tests for Network Classifier Evaluation.
Multimodal Nonlinear Filtering Using Gauss-Hermite Quadrature.
Enriching Education through Data Mining.
Building Sparse Support Vector Machines for Multi-Instance Classification.
Human Dynamics: From Human Mobility to Predictability.
α-Clusterable Sets.
Comparing Apples and Oranges - Measuring Differences between Data Mining Results.
Discriminative Experimental Design.
Linear Discriminant Dimensionality Reduction.
The Minimum Transfer Cost Principle for Model-Order Selection.
Adaptive Boosting for Transfer Learning Using Dynamic Updates.
Lagrange Dual Decomposition for Finite Horizon Markov Decision Processes.
Feature Selection Stability Assessment Based on the Jensen-Shannon Divergence.
Data Science and Machine Learning at Scale.
Activity Recognition with Mobile Phones.
On the Stratification of Multi-label Data.
Unsupervised Modeling of Partially Observable Environments.
Image Classification for Age-related Macular Degeneration Screening Using Hierarchical Image Decompositions and Graph Mining.
Peer and Authority Pressure in Information-Propagation Models.
ShiftTree: An Interpretable Model-Based Approach for Time Series Classification.
Differentiating Code from Data in x86 Binaries.
InFeRno - An Intelligent Framework for Recognizing Pornographic Web Pages.
A Novel Framework for Locating Software Faults Using Latent Divergences.
Learning from Partially Annotated Sequences.
L-SME: A System for Mining Loosely Structured Motifs.
Bayesian Matrix Co-Factorization: Variational Algorithm and Cramér-Rao Bound.
Learning First-Order Definite Theories via Object-Based Queries.
Regularized Sparse Kernel Slow Feature Analysis.
Aspects of Semi-supervised and Active Learning in Conditional Random Fields.
Common Substructure Learning of Multiple Graphical Gaussian Models.
The MASH Project.
Typology of Mixed-Membership Models: Towards a Design Method.
Unifying Guilt-by-Association Approaches: Theorems and Fast Algorithms.
The Minimum Code Length for Clustering Using the Gray Code.
Exploring City Structure from Georeferenced Photos Using Graph Centrality Measures.
Rule-Based Active Sampling for Learning to Rank.
Graph Evolution via Social Diffusion Processes.
Learning from Label Proportions by Optimizing Cluster Model Selection.
Point-Based Value Iteration for Constrained POMDPs.
The Complexity of Safe Manipulation under Scoring Rules.
Online Latent Structure Training for Language Acquisition.
Short Text Classification Improved by Learning Multi-Granularity Topics.
A Trust Prediction Approach Capturing Agents Dynamic Behavior.
Fast Approximate Nearest-Neighbor Search with k-Nearest Neighbor Graph.
Fast Algorithm for Affinity Propagation.
Revisiting Numerical Pattern Mining with Formal Concept Analysis.
A Generalized Arc-Consistency Algorithm for a Class of Counting Constraints.
A Uniform Approach for Generating Proofs and Strategies for Both True and False QBF Formulas.
Generalising the Interaction Rules in Probabilistic Logic.
Parametric Properties of Ideal Semantics.
Dynamics of Profit-Sharing Games.
Agent-Based Negotiation Teams.
A Maximum Likelihood Approach towards Aggregating Partial Orders.
Scaling Up Optimal Heuristic Search in Dec-POMDPs via Incremental Expansion.
Semi-Supervised Learning for Imbalanced Sentiment Classification.
An Interaction-Oriented Model for Multi-Scale Simulation.
Rigging Tournament Brackets for Weaker Players.
LIMES  A Time-Efficient Approach for Large-Scale Link Discovery on the Web of Data.
Extending Decidable Existential Rules by Joining Acyclicity and Guardedness.
Expressiveness of the Interval Logics of Allens Relations on the Class of All Linear Orders: Complete Classification.
Learning to Rank under Multiple Annotators.
Biclustering-Driven Ensemble of Bayesian Belief Network Classifiers for Underdetermined Problems.
A Transitivity Aware Matrix Factorization Model for Recommendation in Social Networks.
Improving Resource Allocation Strategy against Human Adversaries in Security Games.
Emergence and Stability of Social Conventions in Conflict Situations.
Making Better Informed Trust Decisions with Generalized Fact-Finding.
Transfer Learning for Activity Recognition via Sensor Mapping.
RDFKB: A Semantic Web Knowledge Base.
Artificial Intelligence and Human Thinking.
Sketch Recognition Algorithms for Comparing Complex and Unpredictable Shapes.
Reasoning and Proofing Services for Semantic Web Agents.
Gaussianity Measures for Detecting the Direction of Causal Time Series.
Learning 3D Geological Structure from Drill-Rig Sensors for Automated Mining.
Subsidies, Stability, and Restricted Cooperation in Coalitional Games.
A Hybrid Recursive Multi-Way Number Partitioning Algorithm.
Unsupervised Modeling of Dialog Acts in Asynchronous Conversations.
An Efficient Monte-Carlo Algorithm for Pricing Combinatorial Prediction Markets for Tournaments.
Predicting Globally-Coherent Temporal Structures from Texts via Endpoint Inference and Graph Decomposition.
A Trust and Reputation Model for Supply Chain Management.
Large Linear Classification When Data Cannot Fit in Memory.
Constraint Programming on Infinite Data Streams.
Planning under Partial Observability by Classical Replanning: Theory and Experiments.
Learning from Natural Instructions.
Iterative Flattening Search for the Flexible Job Shop Scheduling Problem.
An Efficient Framework for Constructing Generalized Locally-Induced Text Metrics.
Simulation-Based Data Mining Solution to the Structure of Water Surrounding Proteins.
Sensorimotor Models of Space and Object Geometry.
Conference Sponsorship.
On Temporal Regulations and Commitment Protocols.
Active Surveying: A Probabilistic Approach for Identifying Key Opinion Leaders.
Learning Cause Identifiers from Annotator Rationales.
Computing Perfect Heuristics in Polynomial Time: On Bisimulation and Merge-and-Shrink Abstraction in Optimal Planning.
Solving the Multiagent Selection and Scheduling Problem.
Norm Compliance of Rule-Based Cognitive Agents.
On Trivial Solution and Scale Transfer Problems in Graph Regularized NMF.
A Geometric View of Conjugate Priors.
A Graph-Based Algorithm for Inducing Lexical Taxonomies from Scratch.
AstonCAT-Plus: An Efficient Specialist for the TAC Market Design Tournament.
Non-Linear Monte-Carlo Search in Civilization II.
Consequence-Based Reasoning beyond Horn Ontologies.
Discovering Deformable Motifs in Continuous Time Series Data.
A Cognitive Agent Model Displaying and Regulating Different Social Response Patterns.
Discrete-Time Temporal Reasoning with Horn DLRs.
Trust Mechanisms for Online Systems (Extended Abstract).
Revisiting Preferences and Argumentation.
Fusion of Multiple Features and Supervised Learning for Chinese OOV Term Detection and POS Guessing.
Aesthetic Guideline Driven Photography by Robots.
A Correctness Result for Reasoning about One-Dimensional Planning Problems.
Approximation-Guided Evolutionary Multi-Objective Optimization.
Decision Support through Argumentation-Based Practical Reasoning.
Graph Pruning and Symmetry Breaking on Grid Maps.
Hypercubewise Preference Aggregation in Multi-Issue Domains.
Finite-Valued Lukasiewicz Modal Logic Is PSPACE-Complete.
On the Impact of Belief State Representation in Planning under Uncertainty.
Measuring the Good and the Bad in Inconsistent Information.
Multi-Kernel Multi-Label Learning with Max-Margin Concept Network.
Efficient Mechanisms with Risky Participation.
Incorporating Reviewer and Product Information for Review Rating Prediction.
Alternating Epistemic Mu-Calculus.
Using Incentive Mechanisms for an Adaptive Regulation of Open Multi-Agent Systems.
Generalized Latent Factor Models for Social Network Analysis.
Learning Decision Rules from Data Streams.
Model Checking Knowledge in Pursuit Evasion Games.
Multi-Agent Coordination: DCOPs and Beyond.
Minimum Search to Establish Worst-Case Guarantees in Coalition Structure Generation.
Cross-Domain Collaborative Filtering over Time.
Bayesian Chain Classifiers for Multidimensional Classification.
Towards a Model-Centric Cognitive Architecture for Service Robots.
Integrating Task Planning and Interactive Learning for Robots to Work in Human Environments.
Unsupervised Lexicon Acquisition for HPSG-Based Relation Extraction.
RCC8 Is Polynomial on Networks of Bounded Treewidth.
Accommodating Human Variability in Human-Robot Teams through Theory of Mind.
Autonomous Object Manipulation: A Semantic-Driven Approach.
Embedding System Dynamics in Agent Based Models for Complex Adaptive Systems.
Learning Bilingual Lexicons Using the Visual Similarity of Labeled Web Images.
A Competitive Strategy for Function Approximation in Q-Learning.
Conics with a Common Axis of Symmetry: Properties and Applications to Camera Calibration.
Inference with Multinomial Data: Why to Weaken the Prior Strength.
Exploiting Probabilistic Knowledge under Uncertain Sensing for Efficient Robot Behaviour.
Flexible, High Performance Convolutional Neural Networks for Image Classification.
Program Committee.
On the Progression of Knowledge in the Situation Calculus.
Description Logic TBoxes: Model-Theoretic Characterizations and Rewritability.
Learning Inter-Related Statistical Query Translation Models for English-Chinese Bi-Directional CLIR.
Facing Openness with Socio-Cognitive Trust and Categories.
Verifying Normative Behaviour via Normative Mechanism Design.
What to Ask to an Incomplete Semantic Web Reasoner?.
Comparing Variants of Strategic Ability.
Line Orthogonality in Adjacency Eigenspace with Application to Community Partition.
Assumption-Based Argumentation Dialogues.
On the Complexity of EL with Defeasible Inclusions.
The Role of Intention Recognition in the Evolution of Cooperative Behavior.
Containment of Regular Path Queries under Description Logic Constraints.
An Assertion Retrieval Algebra for Object Queries over Knowledge Bases.
A Framework for Incorporating General Domain Knowledge into Latent Dirichlet Allocation Using First-Order Logic.
Unsupervised Learning of Patterns in Data Streams Using Compression and Edit Distance.
Control of Robotic Systems for Safe Interaction with Human Operators.
A Fast Dual Projected Newton Method for l-Regularized Least Squares.
Mechanism Design for Double Auctions with Temporal Constraints.
Translating First-Order Theories into Logic Programs.
CCR  A Content-Collaborative Reciprocal Recommender for Online Dating.
GUARDS  Innovative Application of Game Theory for National Airport Security.
New Complexity Results for MAP in Bayesian Networks.
Generalizing Envy-Freeness toward Group of Agents.
Mining Longitudinal Network for Predicting Company Value.
Multi-Agent Plan Recognition with Partial Team Traces and Plan Libraries.
What Is an Ideal Logic for Reasoning with Inconsistency?.
Complete Algorithms for Cooperative Pathfinding Problems.
Efficient Planning for Factored Infinite-Horizon DEC-POMDPs.
A New Search Engine Integrating Hierarchical Browsing and Keyword Search.
Minimization for Generalized Boolean Formulas.
Integrating Learning into a BDI Agent for Environments with Changing Dynamics.
Concise Characteristic Function Representations in Coalitional Games Based on Agent Types.
Automatic Construction of Efficient Multiple Battery Usage Policies.
Short Text Conceptualization Using a Probabilistic Knowledgebase.
Constraint Satisfaction Problems: Convexity Makes AllDifferent Constraints Tractable.
Sample Efficient On-Line Learning of Optimal Dialogue Policies with Kalman Temporal Differences.
Simple and Fast Strong Cyclic Planning for Fully-Observable Nondeterministic Planning Problems.
Decision Making under Uncertainty: Social Choice and Manipulation.
Learning Where You Are Going and from Whence You Came: h- and g-Cost Learning in Real-Time Heuristic Search.
Lost in Translation: Language Independence in Propositional Logic  Application to Belief Revision and Belief Merging.
On the Decidability of HTN Planning with Task Insertion.
Angular Decomposition.
Finding the Hidden Gems: Recommending Untagged Music.
Multi-Perspective Linking of News Articles within a Repository.
Scalable Multiagent Planning Using Probabilistic Inference.
Budgeted Social Choice: From Consensus to Personalized Decision Making.
Positive Unlabeled Leaning for Time Series Classification.
Combining Machine Learning and Optimization Techniques to Determine 3-D Structures of Polypeptides.
Evaluation of Group Profiling Strategies.
Agents, Actions and Goals in Dynamic Environments.
Incremental Slow Feature Analysis.
Approximating Optimal Combinatorial Auctions for Complements Using Restricted Welfare Maximization.
Reasoning-Supported Interactive Revision of Knowledge Bases.
Kernel-Based Selective Ensemble Learning for Streams of Trees.
Fast Anomaly Detection for Streaming Data.
Transfer Learning to Predict Missing Ratings via Heterogeneous User Feedbacks.
Causal Learnability.
Walking the Complexity Lines for Generalized Guarded Existential Rules.
Recommender Systems, Missing Data and Statistical Model Estimation.
A Mechanism for Dynamic Ride Sharing Based on Parallel Auctions.
Learning Optimal Bayesian Networks Using A* Search.
Feature Learning for Activity Recognition in Ubiquitous Computing.
Efficient Reasoning in Proper Knowledge Bases with Unknown Individuals.
Online Planning for Ad Hoc Autonomous Agent Teams.
Conference Organization.
Diversity Regularized Machine.
A Flat Histogram Method for Computing the Density of States of Combinatorial Problems.
A Logical Formulation for Negotiation among Dishonest Agents.
Coordinating Logistics Operations with Privacy Guarantees.
Goal Recognition over POMDPs: Inferring the Intention of a POMDP Agent.
On the Complexity of Voting Manipulation under Randomized Tie-Breaking.
Modeling Situation Awareness in Human-Like Agents Using Mental Models.
Towards Social Problem-Solving with Human Subjects.
Predicting Epidemic Tendency through Search Behavior Analysis.
Attack Semantics for Abstract Argumentation.
Bayesian Policy Search with Policy Priors.
Constraint Optimization Approach to Context Based Word Selection.
Motor Simulation via Coupled Internal Models Using Sequential Monte Carlo.
Q-Error as a Selection Mechanism in Modular Reinforcement-Learning Systems.
On the Effectiveness of CNF and DNF Representations in Contingent Planning.
The Multi-Inter-Distance Constraint.
Consistency Measures for Feature Selection: A Formal Definition, Relative Sensitivity Comparison, and a Fast Algorithm.
Fashion Coordinates Recommender System Using Photographs from Fashion Magazines.
Bounded Intention Planning.
The General Game Playing Description Language Is Universal.
Rational Deployment of CSP Heuristics.
A Wikipedia Based Semantic Graph Model for Topic Tracking in Blogsphere.
Revising Horn Theories.
The Combined Approach to Ontology-Based Data Access.
Connecting the Dots between News Articles.
Read-Once Resolution for Unsatisfiability-Based Max-SAT Algorithms.
An Algorithm for Adapting Cases Represented in ALC.
Multi-Label Classification Using Conditional Dependency Networks.
Transitively Relational Partial Meet Horn Contraction.
Probit Classifiers with a Generalized Gaussian Scale Mixture Prior.
Real-Time Solving of Quantified CSPs Based on Monte-Carlo Game Tree Search.
Entity Linking with Effective Acronym Expansion, Instance Selection, and Topic Modeling.
Defeasible Inheritance-Based Description Logics.
Using Emotions to Enhance Decision-Making.
Source-Selection-Free Transfer Learning.
From an Agent Logic to an Agent Programming Language for Partially Observable Stochastic Domains.
A Hierarchical Architecture for Adaptive Brain-Computer Interfacing.
Evaluations of Hash Distributed A* in Optimal Sequence Alignment.
Jointly Learning Data-Dependent Label and Locality-Preserving Projections.
Enhancing Case Adaptation with Introspective Reasoning and Web Mining.
A Convex Formulation of Modularity Maximization for Community Detection.
Approximately Strategy-Proof Voting.
Heuristic Search under Quality and Time Bounds.
On Progression and Query Evaluation in First-Order Knowledge Bases with Function Symbols.
Multiagent Hierarchical Learning from Demonstration.
Constituent Grammatical Evolution.
Analysis of Adjective-Noun Word Pair Extraction Methods for Online Review Summarization.
Manipulation in Group Argument Evaluation.
Foundations for Uniform Interpolation and Forgetting in Expressive Description Logics.
Max-Prob: An Unbiased Rational Decision Making Procedure for Multiple-Adversary Environments.
Ball Ranking Machine for Content-Based Multimedia Retrieval.
Dealing with Concept Drift and Class Imbalance in Multi-Label Stream Classification.
Combining Spatial and Temporal Aspects of Prediction Problems to Improve Prediction Performance.
On the Complexity of Dealing with Inconsistency in Description Logic Ontologies.
IJCAI 2011, Proceedings of the 22nd International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain, July 16-22, 2011
A General Elicitation-Free Protocol for Allocating Indivisible Goods.
Well-Supported Semantics for Description Logic Programs.
On Combining Decisions from Multiple Expert Imitators for Performance.
Distance Metric Learning under Covariate Shift.
Existential Closures for Knowledge Compilation.
Active Graph Reachability Reduction for Network Security and Software Engineering.
Resource-Bounded Crowd-Sourcing of Commonsense Knowledge.
SDD: A New Canonical Representation of Propositional Knowledge Bases.
Increasing the Scalability of the Fitting of Generalised Block Models for Social Networks.
Plan Recognition in Virtual Laboratories.
Mining User Dwell Time for Personalized Web Search Re-Ranking.
A General MCMC Method for Bayesian Inference in Logic-Based Probabilistic Modeling.
Symmetries and Lazy Clause Generation.
Interest Prediction on Multinomial, Time-Evolving Social Graph.
Multi-Evidence Lifted Message Passing, with Application to PageRank and the Kalman Filter.
Strategy Learning for Autonomous Agents in Smart Grid Markets.
Automatic State Abstraction from Demonstration.
Group-Strategyproof Irresolute Social Choice Functions.
Semantic Relationship Discovery with Wikipedia Structure.
Modular Community Detection in Networks.
Description Logics and Fuzzy Probability.
Dynamic Sanctioning for Robust and Cost-Efficient Norm Compliance.
Human Behavior Analysis from Video Data Using Bag-of-Gestures.
Using Payoff-Similarity to Speed Up Search.
Reasoning about Fuzzy Belief and Common Belief: With Emphasis on Incomparable Beliefs.
SMT Versus AI Redux: How Semantic Frames Evaluate MT More Accurately.
Multi-Kernel Gaussian Processes.
Learning Compact Visual Descriptor for Low Bit Rate Mobile Landmark Search.
Heterogeneous Domain Adaptation Using Manifold Alignment.
Generative Structure Learning for Markov Logic Networks Based on Graph of Predicates.
Kernels for Global Constraints.
Active Online Classification via Information Maximization.
Affect Sensing in Metaphorical Phenomena and Dramatic Interaction Context.
Log-Linear Description Logics.
Monitoring the Execution of Partial-Order Plans via Regression.
Large Neighborhood Search and Adaptive Randomized Decompositions for Flexible Jobshop Scheduling.
Query Reasoning on Trees with Types, Interleaving, and Counting.
Talking about Trust in Heterogeneous Multi-Agent Systems.
Using Multiple Models to Understand Data.
Binary Aggregation with Integrity Constraints.
Similarity-Based Approach for Positive and Unlabeled Learning.
Managed Multi-Context Systems.
Description Logics over Lattices with Multi-Valued Ontologies.
Backdoors to Tractable Answer-Set Programming.
Lifted Probabilistic Inference by First-Order Knowledge Compilation.
Real-Time Heuristic Search with Depression Avoidance.
Past IJCAI Conferences.
Robust Online Optimization of Reward-Uncertain MDPs.
On the Decidability of Connectedness Constraints in 2D and 3D Euclidean Spaces.
A Real-Time Opponent Modeling System for Rush Football.
Revising by an Inconsistent Set of Formulas.
Collective Semantic Role Labeling for Tweets with Clustering.
Combinatorial Aggregation.
Discerning Linkage-Based Algorithms among Hierarchical Clustering Methods.
Depth-Driven Circuit-Level Stochastic Local Search for SAT.
Just an Artifact: Why Machines Are Perceived as Moral Agents.
Belief Revision on Computation Tree Logic.
The Shapley Value as a Function of the Quota in Weighted Voting Games.
Keynote and Invited Speakers.
User Similarity from Linked Taxonomies: Subjective Assessments of Items.
Robotic Object Detection: Learning to Improve the Classifiers Using Sparse Graphs for Path Planning.
Context Sensitive Topic Models for Author Influence in Document Networks.
Flexible Tree Matching.
Action Selection via Learning Behavior Patterns in Multi-Robot Systems.
l-Norm Regularized Discriminative Feature Selection for Unsupervised Learning.
On the Role of Domain Knowledge in Analogy-Based Story Generation.
Mind the Eigen-Gap, or How to Accelerate Semi-Supervised Spectral Learning Algorithms.
Combining Supervised and Unsupervised Models via Unconstrained Probabilistic Embedding.
Improve Tree Kernel-Based Event Pronoun Resolution with Competitive Information.
A Theory of Meta-Diagnosis: Reasoning about Diagnostic Systems.
Using Experience to Generate New Regulations.
Community Detection in Social Networks through Community Formation Games.
Fast Nonnegative Matrix Tri-Factorization for Large-Scale Data Co-Clustering.
Towards Scalable MDP Algorithms.
Accelerating Best Response Calculation in Large Extensive Games.
Explaining Genetic Knock-Out Effects Using Cost-Based Abduction.
Computing Minimum-Cardinality Diagnoses by Model Relaxation.
A Computationally-Grounded Semantics for Artifact-Centric Systems and Abstraction Results.
A Practical Automata-Based Technique for Reasoning in Expressive Description Logics.
An Approach to Answer Selection in Question-Answering Based on Semantic Relations.
Query Answering in the Horn Fragments of the Description Logics SHOIQ and SROIQ.
Domain Adaptation with Ensemble of Feature Groups.
On Qualitative Route Descriptions: Representation and Computational Complexity.
Nested Rollout Policy Adaptation for Monte Carlo Tree Search.
Feature Selection via Joint Embedding Learning and Sparse Regression.
A Dynamic Logic of Normative Systems.
Dishonest Reasoning by Abduction.
Concept Labeling: Building Text Classifiers with Minimal Supervision.
A System for Providing Differentiated QoS in Retail Banking.
Activity Recognition with Finite State Machines.
Tangled Modal Logic for Spatial Reasoning.
Efficient Searching Top-k Semantic Similar Words.
A Constructive Approach to Independent and Evidence Retaining Belief Revision by General Information Sets.
The Increasing Cost Tree Search for Optimal Multi-Agent Pathfinding.
A Neural-Symbolic Cognitive Agent for Online Learning and Reasoning.
Towards More Expressive Cake Cutting.
Considerate Equilibrium.
Ensemble-Based Coreference Resolution.
Social Abstract Argumentation.
Verifying Fault Tolerance and Self-Diagnosability of an Autonomous Underwater Vehicle.
Efficient Rule-Based Inferencing for OWL EL.
Matching Large Ontologies Based on Reduction Anchors.
Ties Matter: Complexity of Voting Manipulation Revisited.
Learning Hash Functions for Cross-View Similarity Search.
Kinship Verification through Transfer Learning.
First-Order Extension of the FLP Stable Model Semantics via Modified Circumscription.
Open Information Extraction: The Second Generation.
An Agent Architecture for Prognostic Reasoning Assistance.
Fixpoints in Temporal Description Logics.
Exploring Protein Fragment Assembly Using CLP.
Contributions to Personalizable Knowledge Integration.
A Decision-Theoretic Academic Advisor: Extended Abstract.
Tackling the Partner Units Configuration Problem.
Active Exploration for Robust Object Detection.
Push and Swap: Fast Cooperative Path-Finding with Completeness Guarantees.
A Framework for Longitudinal Influence Measurement between Communication Content and Social Networks.
Refutation in Dummett Logic Using a Sign to Express the Truth at the Next Possible World.
Choosing Collectively Optimal Sets of Alternatives Based on the Condorcet Criterion.
Distributed Constraint Optimization Problems Related with Soft Arc Consistency.
Bounded Suboptimal Search: A Direct Approach Using Inadmissible Estimates.
Symmetry Breaking via LexLeader Feasibility Checkers.
Coalitional Voting Manipulation: A Game-Theoretic Perspective.
Research Proposal: Cooperation among Self Interested Agents.
Reinforcement Learning to Adjust Robot Movements to New Situations.
Semi-Supervised Learning from a Translation Model between Data Distributions.
Probabilistic Satisfiability: Logic-Based Algorithms and Phase Transition.
LIFT: Multi-Label Learning with Label-Specific Features.
Cross-People Mobile-Phone Based Activity Recognition.
Using Gaussian Processes to Optimise Concession in Complex Negotiations against Unknown Opponents.
Finite-Length Markov Processes with Constraints.
On the Fixed-Parameter Tractability of Composition-Consistent Tournament Solutions.
Reasoning about Preferences in Intelligent Agent Systems.
Multi-Select Faceted Navigation Based on Minimum Description Length Principle.
Changing Ones Mind: Erase or Rewind?
Large Hinge Width on Sparse Random Hypergraphs.
Effective and Efficient Microprocessor Design Space Exploration Using Unlabeled Design Configurations.
Integrated Learning for Goal-Driven Autonomy.
A Natural Language Question Answering System as a Participant in Human Q&A Portals.
Replanning in Domains with Partial Information and Sensing Actions.
Interfacing Virtual Agents with Collaborative Knowledge: Open Domain Question Answering Using Wikipedia-Based Topic Models.
Bi-Weighting Domain Adaptation for Cross-Language Text Classification.
A Method for Evaluating and Standardizing Ontologies.
The Modular Structure of an Ontology: Atomic Decomposition.
An Approach to Minimal Belief via Objective Belief.
An On-Line Algorithm for Semantic Forgetting.
Optimal Partitions in Additively Separable Hedonic Games.
Probabilistic Goal Markov Decision Processes.
Risk-Sensitive Policies for Sustainable Renewable Resource Allocation.
Learning a Distance Metric by Empirical Loss Minimization.
Transfer Learning in Spatial Reasoning Puzzles.
User-Dependent Aspect Model for Collaborative Activity Recognition.
Logic Programming for Boolean Networks.
Behaviour Recognition in Smart Homes.
Incentive Engineering for Boolean Games.
Manipulating Boolean Games through Communication.
Trust Decision-Making in Multi-Agent Systems.
Classification of Emerging Extreme Event Tracks in Multivariate Spatio-Temporal Physical Systems Using Dynamic Network Structures: Application to Hurricane Track Prediction.
Learning for Deep Language Understanding.
Finding Unexplained Activities in Video.
Belief Management for High-Level Robot Programs.
Modeling the Emergence and Convergence of Norms.
Security Games with Multiple Attacker Resources.
Modeling Multivariate Spatio-Temporal Remote Sensing Data with Large Gaps.
CHIME: An Efficient Error-Tolerant Chinese Pinyin Input Method.
A Cognitive Agent Model Incorporating Prior and Retrospective Ownership States for Actions.
Unweighted Coalitional Manipulation under the Borda Rule Is NP-Hard.
Capturing an Evader in a Polygonal Environment with Obstacles.
A Hidden Markov Model Variant for Sequence Classification.
Continuous Time Planning for Multiagent Teams with Temporal Constraints.
Finding (α, ϑ)-Solutions via Sampled SCSPs.
Social Instruments for Robust Convention Emergence.
Enhancing Search Results with Semantic Annotation Using Augmented Browsing.
Multidimensional Mereotopology with Betweenness.
Learning to Identify Review Spam.
Locality-Constrained Concept Factorization.
Resolute Choice in Sequential Decision Problems with Multiple Priors.
Relating Carneades with Abstract Argumentation.
DetH*: Approximate Hierarchical Solution of Large Markov Decision Processes.
Heuristic Algorithms for Balanced Multi-Way Number Partitioning.
Exploiting Short Supports for Generalised Arc Consistency for Arbitrary Constraints.
Joint Feature Selection and Subspace Learning.
Adaptation of a Mixture of Multivariate Bernoulli Distributions.
Temporal Defeasible Argumentation in Multi-Agent Planning.
Finite Model Computation via Answer Set Programming.
Theoretical Justification of Popular Link Prediction Heuristics.
Agent-Oriented Incremental Team and Activity Recognition.
Extending Computer Assisted Assessment Systems with Natural Language Processing, User Modeling, and Recommendations Based on Human Computer Interaction and Data Mining.
picoTrans: Using Pictures as Input for Machine Translation on Mobile Devices.
Hustling in Repeated Zero-Sum Games with Imperfect Execution.
A Market Clearing Solution for Social Lending.
A Comprehensive Approach to On-Board Autonomy Verification and Validation.
Generalized Planning: Synthesizing Plans that Work for Multiple Environments.
Computing Infinite Plans for LTL Goals Using a Classical Planner.
Continuous Correlated Beta Processes.
Human-Guided Machine Learning for Fast and Accurate Network Alarm Triage.
Local and Structural Consistency for Multi-Manifold Clustering.
Learning Driving Behavior by Timed Syntactic Pattern Recognition.
Adaptive Data Compression for Robot Perception.
Social Distance Games.
Bayesian Abductive Logic Programs: A Probabilistic Logic for Abductive Reasoning.
Dynamic SAT with Decision Change Costs: Formalization and Solutions.
Improving Topic Evaluation Using Conceptual Knowledge.
Translation-Based Constraint Answer Set Solving.
On the Complexity of the Core over Coalition Structures.
Robust Approximation and Incremental Elicitation in Voting Protocols.
Simulating the Emergence of Grammatical Agreement in Multi-Agent Language Games.
Improving Performance of Topic Models by Variable Grouping.
WSABIE: Scaling Up to Large Vocabulary Image Annotation.
Awards and Distinguished Papers.
Relating the Semantics of Abstract Dialectical Frameworks and Standard AFs.
Modeling Attempt and Action Failure in Probabilistic STIT Logic.
Visual Task Inference Using Hidden Markov Models.
Aggregating Dependency Graphs into Voting Agendas in Multi-Issue Elections.
Reasoning about Typicality in Low Complexity DLs: The Logics ELT and DL-Lite T.
Statement of Thesis Research: Multi-Robot Sampling Strategies for Large-Scale Oceanographic Experiments.
Recommender Systems from Words of Few Mouths.
Learning Linear and Kernel Predictors with the 01 Loss Function.
Buried Utility Pipeline Mapping Based on Multiple Spatial Data Sources: A Bayesian Data Fusion Approach.
IJCAI Organization.
Input Parameter Calibration in Forest Fire Spread Prediction: Taking the Intelligent Way.
On the Utility of Curricula in Unsupervised Learning of Probabilistic Grammars.
Tractable Set Constraints.
Minimally Complete Recommendations.
Mechanism Design for Dynamic Environments: Online Double Auctions.
A Logic for Causal Inference in Time Series with Discrete and Continuous Variables.
Human-Agent Auction Interactions: Adaptive-Aggressive Agents Dominate.
Eliciting Additive Reward Functions for Markov Decision Processes.
Generalizing ADOPT and BnB-ADOPT.
Matrix Co-Factorization on Compressed Sensing.
Imitation Learning in Relational Domains: A Functional-Gradient Boosting Approach.
Extracting Temporal Patterns from Interval-Based Sequences.
Heuristic Rule-Based Regression via Dynamic Reduction to Classification.
Generalized Reaction Functions for Solving Complex-Task Allocation Problems.
Succinctness of Epistemic Languages.
Multi-Agent Soft Constraint Aggregation via Sequential Voting.
Real-Time Opponent Modeling in Trick-Taking Card Games.
Automatic Discovery of Fuzzy Synsets from Dictionary Definitions.
Regret Minimization in Multiplayer Extensive Games.
Belief Base Rationalization for Propositional Merging.
Using Cases as Heuristics in Reinforcement Learning: A Transfer Learning Application.
Mining the Web for the Voice of the Herd to Track Stock Market Bubbles.
Utility-Based Fraud Detection.
Repairing Incorrect Knowledge with Model Formulation and Metareasoning.
Augmenting Tractable Fragments of Abstract Argumentation.
Robust Principal Component Analysis with Non-Greedy l-Norm Maximization.
Leveraging Unlabeled Data to Scale Blocking for Record Linkage.
Randomized Sensing in Adversarial Environments.
Preface.
Lifted Relational Kalman Filtering.
Space Defragmentation Heuristic for 2D and 3D Bin Packing Problems.
An Analysis of Multiobjective Search Algorithms and Heuristics.
Pattern Field Classification with Style Normalized Transformation.
Planning with SAT, Admissible Heuristics and A*.
Cluster Indicator Decomposition for Efficient Matrix Factorization.
Minimum Satisfiability and Its Applications.
OCS-14 : You Can Get Occluded in Fourteen Ways.
Context-Sensitive Diagnosis of Discrete-Event Systems.
Relevance Feedback between Web Search and the Semantic Web.
Tractable Massively Multi-Agent Pathfinding with Solution Quality and Completeness Guarantees.
An Agent-Oriented Software Engineering Methodology to Develop Adaptive Virtual Organizations.
Distribution-Aware Online Classifiers.
An Empirical Study of Seeding Manipulations and Their Prevention.
Pairwise Decomposition for Combinatorial Optimization in Graphical Models.
Lower Bounds for Width-Restricted Clause Learning on Formulas of Small Width.
Relation Adaptation: Learning to Extract Novel Relations with Minimum Supervision.
Interval-Based Possibilistic Logic.
Towards Spatial Methods for Socially Assistive Robotics: Validation with Children with Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Beth Definability in Expressive Description Logics.
The Odd One Out: Identifying and Characterising Anomalies.
Weighted Graph Compression for Parameter-free Clustering With PaCCo.
Segmented nestedness in binary data.
A Complexity-Invariant Distance Measure for Time Series.
Multi-Instance Mixture Models.
Structural Diversity for Privacy in Publishing Social Networks.
Discovering Bucket Orders from Data.
Large Scale Graph Mining and Inference for Malware Detection.
Probabilistic Models over Ordered Partitions with Applications in Document Ranking and Collaborative Filtering.
Multidimensional Association Rules in Boolean Tensors.
On Flow Authority Discovery in Social Networks.
A Sequential Dual Method for Structural SVMs.
iMet: Interactive Metric Learning in Healthcare Applications.
Non-Negative Residual Matrix Factorization with Application to Graph Anomaly Detection.
Discovering Dynamic Dipoles in Climate Data.
Multi-task Multiple Kernel Learning.
Feature-based Inductive Transfer Learning through Minimum Encoding.
Are your Items in Order.
A Quadratic Mean based Supervised Learning Model for Managing Data Skewness.
Efficient Kernel Approximation for Large-Scale Support Vector Machine Classification.
Maximising the Quality of Influence.
Who Should Label What? Instance Allocation in Multiple Expert Active Learning.
A Tractable Pseudo-Likelihood Function for Bayes Nets Applied to Relational Data.
Multi-Label Collective Classification.
Significance of Patterns in Time Series Collections.
Exploiting Coherence for the Simultaneous Discovery of Latent Facets and associated Sentiments.
A Generalized Framework for Mining Arbitrarily Positioned Overlapping Co-clusters.
Data Integration via Constrained Clustering: An Application to Enzyme Clustering.
Influence Maximization in Social Networks When Negative Opinions May Emerge and Propagate.
SONAR: Signal De-mixing for Robust Correlation Clustering.
Unsupervised Disaggregation of Low Frequency Power Measurements.
Proceedings of the Eleventh SIAM International Conference on Data Mining, SDM 2011, April 28-30, 2011, Mesa, Arizona, USA
Online Max-Margin Weight Learning for Markov Logic Networks.
FAMER: Making Multi-Instance Learning Better and Faster.
MKBoost: A Framework of Multiple Kernel Boosting.
Semi-Supervised Convolution Graph Kernels for Relation Extraction.
Learning Feature Dependencies for Noise Correction in Biomedical Prediction.
Sparse Solutions for Single Class SVMs: A Bi-Criterion Approach.
Extending Consensus Clustering to Explore Multiple Clustering Views.
Towards Community Detection in Locally Heterogeneous Networks.
Exemplar-based Robust Coherent Biclustering.
Extracting Interpretable Features for Early Classification on Time Series.
Scalable Software-Defect Localisation by Hierarchical Mining of Dynamic Call Graphs.
WindMine: Fast and Effective Mining of Web-click Sequences.
On Anonymization of Multi-graphs.
Characterizing Uncertain Data using Compression.
Sequential Minimal Optimization in Adaptive-Bandwidth Convex Clustering.
Diversified Trajectory Pattern Ranking in Geo-tagged Social Media.
Nonparametric Bayesian Co-clustering Ensembles.
Weighted Rank-One Binary Matrix Factorization.
Clustered low rank approximation of graphs in information science applications.
Sparse Latent Semantic Analysis.
Spatially-Aware Comparison and Consensus for Clusterings.
On Node Classification in Dynamic Content-based Networks.
A Probabilistic Hierarchical Approach for Pattern Discovery in Collaborative Filtering Data.
Human Dynamics in Large Communication Networks.
One-Class-Based Uncertain Data Stream Learning.
Efficient Document Clustering via Online Nonnegative Matrix Factorizations.
Kernel-based Similarity Search in Massive Graph Databases with Wavelet Trees.
Computationally Generated Cardiac Biomarkers: Heart Rate Patterns to Predict Death Following Coronary Attacks.
Fast Rule Mining Over Multi-Dimensional Windows.
Gaussian Process for Dimensionality Reduction in Transfer Learning.
ACE: Anomaly Clustering Ensemble for Multi-perspective Anomaly Detection in Robot Behaviors.
Predicting Item Adoption Using Social Correlation.
A Fast Algorithm for Sparse PCA and a New Sparsity Control Criteria.
Semantic Graph Kernels for Automated Reasoning.
Cost of Collaboration vs Individual Effort in Social Networks.
Online Discovery of Top-k Similar Motifs in Time Series Data.
The Network Completion Problem: Inferring Missing Nodes and Edges in Networks.
ABACUS: Mining Arbitrary Shaped Clusters from Large Datasets based on Backbone Identification.
Chernoff Dimensionality Reduction--Where Fisher Meets FKT.
Centralities in Large Networks: Algorithms and Observations.
Active Teaching for Inductive Learners.
Interpreting and Unifying Outlier Scores.
Graph-Based Marginal Ranking for Update Summarization.
A Gaussian Process Based Online Change Detection Algorithm for Monitoring Periodic Time Series.
Time Series Motifs Statistical Significance.
Semi-supervised Variable Weighting for Clustering.
Temporal Structure Learning for Clustering Massive Data Streams in Real-Time.
A Structure Function for Transaction Data.
The Infinite Push: A New Support Vector Ranking Algorithm that Directly Optimizes Accuracy at the Absolute Top of the List.
Fast Algorithms for Finding Extremal Sets.
Distributed Monitoring of the R2 Statistic for Linear Regression.
From Black and White to Full Colour: Extending Redescription Mining Outside the Boolean World.
On Classification of Graph Streams.
Integrating Distance Metrics Learned from Multiple Experts and its Application in Inter-Patient Similarity Assessment.
Block-LDA: Jointly modeling entity-annotated text and entity-entity links.
Social context summarization.
Active learning to maximize accuracy vs. effort in interactive information retrieval.
Multidimensional search result diversification: diverse search results for diverse users.
Exploring term temporality for pseudo-relevance feedback.
Efficient manifold ranking for image retrieval.
Sense discrimination for physics retrieval.
Learning search tasks in queries and web pages via graph regularization.
Collaborative competitive filtering: learning recommender using context of user choice.
Learning online discussion structures by conditional random fields.
Mining weakly labeled web facial images for search-based face annotation.
Enriching document representation via translation for improved monolingual information retrieval.
Synthesizing high utility suggestions for rare web search queries.
Image annotation based on recommendation model.
Identifying similar people in professional social networks with discriminative probabilistic models.
Personalized video: leanback online video consumption.
Search engines that learn online.
Quantifying test collection quality based on the consistency of relevance judgements.
Measuring improvement in user search performance resulting from optimal search tips.
Personalized social query expansion using social bookmarking systems.
Improved video categorization from text metadata and user comments.
Ad hoc IR: not much room for improvement.
CrowdLogging: distributed, private, and anonymous search logging.
Relevant knowledge helps in choosing right teacher: active query selection for ranking adaptation.
Tulsa: web search for writing assistance.
A new look at old tricks: the fertile roots of current research.
MSSF: a multi-document summarization framework based on submodularity.
Regularized latent semantic indexing.
Authorship classification: a discriminative syntactic tree mining approach.
An investigation of decompounding for cross-language patent search.
SEJoin: an optimized algorithm towards efficient approximate string searches.
OrientSTS: spatio-temporal sequence searching in flickr.
Analysis of an expert search query log.
A comparison of time-aware ranking methods.
Modeling and analysis of cross-session search tasks.
A tool for comparative IR evaluation on component level.
Collective topic modeling for heterogeneous networks.
Knowledge effects on document selection in search results pages.
Learning to rank using query-level regression.
Incremental diversification for very large sets: a streaming-based approach.
CRTER: using cross terms to enhance probabilistic information retrieval.
Handling data sparsity in collaborative filtering using emotion and semantic based features.
Predicting web searcher satisfaction with existing community-based answers.
Tossing coins to trim long queries.
Forecasting counts of user visits for online display advertising with probabilistic latent class models.
Rating-based collaborative filtering combined with additional regularization.
Enhancing ad-hoc relevance weighting using probability density estimation.
Review of MSR-Bing web scale speller challenge.
Evaluating diversified search results using per-intent graded relevance.
The Meta-Dex Suite: generating and analyzing indexes and meta-indexes.
Unsupervised query segmentation using clickthrough for information retrieval.
Improving query and result list adaptation in personalized multilingual information retrieval.
Cross-language web page classification via dual knowledge transfer using nonnegative matrix tri-factorization.
Evaluating the synergic effect of collaboration in information seeking.
Effective sentiment stream analysis with self-augmenting training and demand-driven projection.
GreenMeter: a tool for assessing the quality and recommending tags for web 2.0 applications.
Predicting eBay listing conversion.
Query expansion based on a semantic graph model.
Mining topics on participations for community discovery.
Mining tags using social endorsement networks.
Timestamp-based result cache invalidation for web search engines.
Using k-Top retrieved web snippets to date temporalimplicit queries based on web content analysis.
Web retrieval: the role of users.
On theme location discovery for travelogue services.
Sample selection for dictionary-based corpus compression.
Future of the web and search.
Utilizing minimal relevance feedback for ad hoc retrieval.
Location disambiguation for geo-tagged images.
Exploiting endorsement information and social influence for item recommendation.
Predicting users' domain knowledge from search behaviors.
Award prediction with temporal citation network analysis.
Inferring and using location metadata to personalize web search.
Learning to rank under tight budget constraints.
Intent-aware search result diversification.
Query term ranking based on search results overlap.
Modeling subset distributions for verbose queries.
Domain expert topic familiarity and search behavior.
A toolkit for knowledge base population.
Practical online retrieval evaluation.
A boosting approach to improving pseudo-relevance feedback.
Domain-specific information retrieval using rcommenders.
Integrating hierarchical feature selection and classifier training for multi-label image annotation.
JuSe: a picture dictionary query system for children.
Faster top-k document retrieval using block-max indexes.
Multifaceted toponym recognition for streaming news.
Search task difficulty: the expected vs. the reflected.
Information organization and retrieval with collaboratively generated content.
Machine learning for information retrieval.
Decayed DivRank: capturing relevance, diversity and prestige in information networks.
Pseudo test collections for learning web search ranking functions.
Aggregating multiple opinion evidence in proximity-based opinion retrieval.
Transductive learning over automatically detected themes for multi-document summarization.
Exploiting geographical influence for collaborative point-of-interest recommendation.
Multimedia answering: enriching text QA with media information.
From one tree to a forest: a unified solution for structured web data extraction.
Collective entity linking in web text: a graph-based method.
Evaluating medical information retrieval.
A unified framework for recommendations based on quaternary semantic analysis.
Towards effective short text deep classification.
Evolutionary timeline summarization: a balanced optimization framework via iterative substitution.
Scalable multi-dimensional user intent identification using tree structured distributions.
Clickthrough-based latent semantic models for web search.
A novel hybrid index structure for efficient text retrieval.
Persistence in the ephemeral: utilizing repeat behaviors for multi-session personalized search.
Bootstrapping subjectivity detection.
Composite hashing with multiple information sources.
Enhancing web search by mining search and browse logs.
Temporal latent semantic analysis for collaboratively generated content: preliminary results.
Energy-price-driven query processing in multi-center web search engines.
Summarizing the differences in multilingual news.
Proceeding of the 34th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR 2011, Beijing, China, July 25-29, 2011
Disambiguating biomedical acronyms using EMIM.
On diversifying and personalizing web search.
A large-scale study of the effect of training set characteristics over learning-to-rank algorithms.
A novel corpus-based stemming algorithm using co-occurrence statistics.
UPS: efficient privacy protection in personalized web search.
How to count thumb-ups and thumb-downs?: an information retrieval approach to user-rating based ranking of items.
Post-ranking query suggestion by diversifying search results.
People searching for people: analysis of a people search engine log.
Ranking tags in resource collections.
Descriptive modelling of text classification and its integration with other IR tasks.
The effects of choice in routing relevance judgments.
SCENE: a scalable two-stage personalized news recommendation system.
On the suitability of diversity metrics for learning-to-rank for diversity.
Statistical feature extraction for cross-language web content quality assessment.
What are the real differences of children's and adults' web search.
Time-based relevance models.
QuickView: advanced search of tweets.
Functional matrix factorizations for cold-start recommendation.
Social annotation in query expansion: a machine learning approach.
Detecting seasonal queries by time-series analysis.
Effect of different docid orderings on dynamic pruning retrieval strategies.
Cluster-based fusion of retrieved lists.
Estimation methods for ranking recent information.
ClusteringWiki: personalized and collaborative clustering of search results.
Query suggestions in the absence of query logs.
Learning to rank from a noisy crowd.
Identifying points of interest by self-tuning clustering.
System effectiveness, user models, and user utility: a conceptual framework for investigation.
DOM based content extraction via text density.
ILDA: interdependent LDA model for learning latent aspects and their ratings from online product reviews.
Elsevier SIGIR 2011 application challenge abstract.
Query by document via a decomposition-based two-level retrieval approach.
Posting list intersection on multicore architectures.
Parameterized concept weighting in verbose queries.
User behavior in zero-recall ecommerce queries.
Rating prediction using feature words extracted from customer reviews.
A model for expert finding in social networks.
Learning for graphs with annotated edges.
Optimizing multimodal reranking for web image search.
Link formation analysis in microblogs.
Detecting outlier sections in us congressional legislation.
No free lunch: brute force vs. locality-sensitive hashing for cross-lingual pairwise similarity.
Faster temporal range queries over versioned text.
The interactive PRP for diversifying document rankings.
Fast context-aware recommendations with factorization machines.
Intent-oriented diversity in recommender systems.
Location and timeliness of information sources during news events.
Evaluating multi-query sessions.
Picasso - to sing, you must close your eyes and draw.
Beyond search: statistical topic models for text analysis.
A weighted curve fitting method for result merging in federated search.
Time-based query performance predictors.
Parallel learning to rank for information retrieval.
Bagging gradient-boosted trees for high precision, low variance ranking models.
Formulating effective questions for community-based question answering.
Repeatable and reliable search system evaluation using crowdsourcing.
What-you-retrieve-is-what-you-see: a preliminary cyber-physical search engine.
Detecting success in mobile search from interaction.
Enhancing multi-label music genre classification through ensemble techniques.
Crowdsourcing for book search evaluation: impact of hit design on comparative system ranking.
Best document selection based on approximate utility optimization.
Find it if you can: a game for modeling different types of web search success using interaction data.
Learning features through feedback for blog distillation.
Learning relevance from heterogeneous social network and its application in online targeting.
Improving local search ranking through external logs.
iMecho: a context-aware desktop search system.
Out of sight, not out of mind: on the effect of social and physical detachment on information need.
A large scale machine learning system for recommending heterogeneous content in social networks.
Self-adjusting hybrid recommenders based on social network analysis.
Efficiently collecting relevance information from clickthroughs for web retrieval system evaluation.
What deliberately degrading search quality tells us about discount functions.
Learning to rank for freshness and relevance.
CrowdTracker: enabling community-based real-time web monitoring.
Measuring assessor accuracy: a comparison of nist assessors and user study participants.
Sensor-aided mobile information management and retrieval.
Evolution of web search results within years.
Visualizing and querying semantic social networks.
Competition-based user expertise score estimation.
Why searchers switch: understanding and predicting engine switching rationales.
An event-centric model for multilingual document similarity.
Document clustering with universum.
Diversifying product search results.
Graph-cut based tag enrichment.
Tackling class imbalance and data scarcity in literature-based gene function annotation.
ViewSer: enabling large-scale remote user studies of web search examination and interaction.
Cross-corpus relevance projection.
Intentions and attention in exploratory health search.
Automatic boolean query suggestion for professional search.
A bipartite graph based social network splicing method for person name disambiguation.
Product comparison using comparative relations.
Bag-of-visual-words vs global image descriptors on two-stage multimodal retrieval.
Ranking related news predictions.
CLR: a collaborative location recommendation framework based on co-clustering.
Crowdsourcing for information retrieval: principles, methods, and applications.
Seeding simulated queries with user-study data forpersonal search evaluation.
The TREC files: the (ground) truth is out there.
Modeling document scores for distributed information retrieval.
Inverted indexes for phrases and strings.
The economics in interactive information retrieval.
Enhanced results for web search.
Multi-layer graph-based semi-supervised learning for large-scale image datasets using mapreduce.
Semantic tag recommendation using concept model.
Collaborative cyberporn filtering with collective intelligence.
Recommending ephemeral items at web scale.
Recommending interesting activity-related local entities.
Do IR models satisfy the TDC retrieval constraint.
BlogCast effect on information diffusion in a blogosphere.
Probabilistic factor models for web site recommendation.
Efficient and effective solutions for search engines.
Multi-objective optimization in learning to rank.
Associative tag recommendation exploiting multiple textual features.
Utilizing marginal net utility for recommendation in e-commerce.
How diverse are web search results?
When documents are very long, BM25 fails!
Indexing strategies for graceful degradation of search quality.
Hypergeometric language models for republished article finding.
A site oriented method for segmenting web pages.
Cognitive coordinating behaviors in multitasking web search.
Temporal index sharding for space-time efficiency in archive search.
Words-of-interest selection based on temporal motion coherence for video retrieval.
A cascade ranking model for efficient ranked retrieval.
Understanding and using contextual information in recommender systems.
Understanding re-finding behavior in naturalistic email interaction logs.
Enhancing mobile search using web search log data.
Region-based landmark discovery by crowdsourcing geo-referenced photos.
Improved query performance prediction using standard deviation.
Towards an indexing method to speed-up music retrieval.
Filtering semi-structured documents based on faceted feedback.
Who should share what?: item-level social influence prediction for users and posts ranking.
Robust, Non-Redundant Feature Selection for Yield Analysis in Semiconductor Manufacturing.
Melanoma Diagnosis and Classification Web Center System: The Non-invasive Diagnosis Support Subsystem.
How to Interpret Decision Trees?
Improvements over Adaptive Local Hyperplane to Achieve Better Classification.
Integrated Use of ICA and ANN to Recognize the Mixture Control Chart Patterns in a Process.
High Classification Rates for Continuous Cow Activity Recognition Using Low-Cost GPS Positioning Sensors and Standard Machine Learning Techniques.
Fast Data Acquisition in Cost-Sensitive Learning.
Experiments with Hybridization and Optimization of the Rules Knowledge Base for Classification of MMPI Profiles.
Advances in Data Mining. Applications and Theoretical Aspects - 11th Industrial Conference, ICDM 2011, New York, NY, USA, August 30 - September 3, 2011. Proceedings
Characterizing Cell Types through Differentially Expressed Gene Clusters Using a Model-Based Approach.
Prediction of Batch-End Quality for an Industrial Polymerization Process.
Methods in Case-Based Classification in Bioinformatics: Lessons Learned.
Prognostic Models Based on Linear Separability.
Exploratory Hierarchical Clustering for Management Zone Delineation in Precision Agriculture.
Towards a Spatial Instance Learning Method for Deep Web Pages.
Optimized Fuzzy Decision Tree Data Mining for Engineering Applications.
Recognition of Porosity in Wood Microscopic Anatomical Images.
Application of a Unified Medical Data Miner (UMDM) for Prediction, Classification, Interpretation and Visualization on Medical Datasets: The Diabetes Dataset Case.
Applying User Signatures on Fraud Detection in Telecommunications Networks.
Mining Pixel Evolutions in Satellite Image Time Series for Agricultural Monitoring.
One Class Classification for Anomaly Detection: Support Vector Data Description Revisited.
Comparing Classifiers and Metaclassifiers.
General Sales Forecast Models for Automobile Markets Based on Time Series Analysis and Data Mining Techniques.
Unsupervised Classification of Hyperspectral Images on Spherical Manifolds.
Graph-Based Data Warehousing Using the Core-Facets Model.
A Multichannel Edge-Weighted Centroidal Voronoi Tessellation algorithm for 3D super-alloy image segmentation.
Structured light 3D scanning in the presence of global illumination.
Single-image shadow detection and removal using paired regions.
Efficient training for pairwise or higher order CRFs via dual decomposition.
Piecing together the segmentation jigsaw using context.
Learning-based hypothesis fusion for robust catheter tracking in 2D X-ray fluoroscopy.
Multi-label learning with incomplete class assignments.
Projective alignment of range and parallax data.
A hierarchical conditional random field model for labeling and segmenting images of street scenes.
MKPM: A multiclass extension to the kernel projection machine.
GraphTrack: Fast and globally optimal tracking in videos.
Illumination invariant feature extraction based on natural images statistics - Taking face images as an example.
Learning to recognize objects in egocentric activities.
Constructing image panoramas using dual-homography warping.
Separating reflective and fluorescent components of an image.
Vehicle tracking across nonoverlapping cameras using joint kinematic and appearance features.
Occlusion boundary detection and figure/ground assignment from optical flow.
A global sampling method for alpha matting.
Action recognition using context and appearance distribution features.
Stable multi-target tracking in real-time surveillance video.
Shape from specular flow: Is one flow enough?
Efficient region search for object detection.
Global optimization for optimal generalized procrustes analysis.
Topology-adaptive multi-view photometric stereo.
Gated classifiers: Boosting under high intra-class variation.
Large-scale image classification: Fast feature extraction and SVM training.
Rectification and 3D reconstruction of curved document images.
Sampling bedrooms.
Enforcing similarity constraints with integer programming for better scene text recognition.
Object cosegmentation.
How does person identity recognition help multi-person tracking?
PClines - Line detection using parallel coordinates.
Optimal spatio-temporal path discovery for video event detection.
Exploring aligned complementary image pair for blind motion deblurring.
Action recognition from a distributed representation of pose and appearance.
Using 3D scene structure to improve tracking.
Recognition using visual phrases.
Structure from motion for scenes with large duplicate structures.
Regression-based label fusion for multi-atlas segmentation.
On dynamic scene geometry for view-invariant action matching.
Object segmentation by alignment of poselet activations to image contours.
Effective 3D object detection and regression using probabilistic segmentation features in CT images.
Recovery of corrupted low-rank matrices via half-quadratic based nonconvex minimization.
Adaptive and discriminative metric differential tracking.
Joint face alignment with a generic deformable face model.
Three-dimensional kaleidoscopic imaging.
Online environment mapping.
Which parts of the face give out your identity?
Connecting non-quadratic variational models and MRFs.
Image analysis by counting on a grid.
Detection of mitosis within a stem cell population of high cell confluence in phase-contrast microscopy images.
Hybrid generative-discriminative classification using posterior divergence.
A generalized probabilistic framework for compact codebook creation.
Learning hierarchical poselets for human parsing.
Evaluating knowledge transfer and zero-shot learning in a large-scale setting.
Multiview registration via graph diffusion of dual quaternions.
Face illumination transfer through edge-preserving filters.
Extracting and locating temporal motifs in video scenes using a hierarchical non parametric Bayesian model.
Adaptive random forest - How many "experts" to ask before making a decision?
Unbiased look at dataset bias.
Learning and matching multiscale template descriptors for real-time detection, localization and tracking.
Enforcing topological constraints in random field image segmentation.
Towards a practical lipreading system.
Sparsity-based image denoising via dictionary learning and structural clustering.
Learning structured prediction models for interactive image labeling.
Affinity learning on a tensor product graph with applications to shape and image retrieval.
L1 rotation averaging using the Weiszfeld algorithm.
Aesthetic quality classification of photographs based on color harmony.
A novel supervised level set method for non-rigid object tracking.
A pattern framework driven by the Hamming distance for structured light-based reconstruction with a single image.
The importance of intermediate representations for the modeling of 2D shape detection: Endstopping and curvature tuned computations.
Adapted Gaussian models for image classification.
TVParser: An automatic TV video parsing method.
A large-scale benchmark dataset for event recognition in surveillance video.
Learning better image representations using 'flobject analysis'.
Extracting vanishing points across multiple views.
Face image retrieval by shape manipulation.
Energy based multiple model fitting for non-rigid structure from motion.
Scenario-based video event recognition by constraint flow.
High-frequency shape and albedo from shading using natural image statistics.
An L1-based variational model for Retinex theory and its application to medical images.
Spatial-DiscLDA for visual recognition.
Multi-agent event recognition in structured scenarios.
Image ranking and retrieval based on multi-attribute queries.
Natural image denoising: Optimality and inherent bounds.
Contextualizing object detection and classification.
A branch and contract algorithm for globally optimal fundamental matrix estimation.
Interreflection removal for photometric stereo by using spectrum-dependent albedo.
Reduced epipolar cost for accelerated incremental SfM.
Probabilistic simultaneous pose and non-rigid shape recovery.
A generative statistical model for tracking multiple smooth trajectories.
A generative model for 3D urban scene understanding from movable platforms.
Multicore bundle adjustment.
From partial shape matching through local deformation to robust global shape similarity for object detection.
Efficient track linking methods for track graphs using network-flow and set-cover techniques.
Shape-based pedestrian parsing.
A robust method for vector field learning with application to mismatch removing.
Fusion of GPS and structure-from-motion using constrained bundle adjustments.
Symmetric piecewise planar object reconstruction from a single image.
Continuously tracking and see-through occlusion based on a new hybrid synthetic aperture imaging model.
Wavelet belief propagation for large scale inference problems.
A fully automated greedy square jigsaw puzzle solver.
Salient coding for image classification.
Using specular highlights as pose invariant features for 2D-3D pose estimation.
Shape grammar parsing via Reinforcement Learning.
Semi-supervised video segmentation using tree structured graphical models.
Landmark/image-based deformable registration of gene expression data.
Parsing human motion with stretchable models.
Branch and track.
Nonlocal matting.
A probabilistic representation for efficient large scale visual recognition tasks.
From active contours to active surfaces.
Enhancing by saliency-guided decolorization.
Exploring relations of visual codes for image classification.
Learning photographic global tonal adjustment with a database of input / output image pairs.
Using global bag of features models in random fields for joint categorization and segmentation of objects.
Fast cost-volume filtering for visual correspondence and beyond.
High-dimensional signature compression for large-scale image classification.
Hyper-graph matching via reweighted random walks.
A probabilistic model for recursive factorized image features.
Learning to share visual appearance for multiclass object detection.
Optimal similarity registration of volumetric images.
Partial similarity based nonparametric scene parsing in certain environment.
Wide-baseline stereo for face recognition with large pose variation.
Feature guided motion artifact reduction with structure-awareness in 4D CT images.
Are sparse representations really relevant for image classification?
Parameter learning with truncated message-passing.
A complete statistical inverse ray tracing approach to multi-view stereo.
Modeling the joint density of two images under a variety of transformations.
Action recognition by dense trajectories.
Glare encoding of high dynamic range images.
Comparing data-dependent and data-independent embeddings for classification and ranking of Internet images.
Collaborative personalization of image enhancement.
Face recognition in unconstrained videos with matched background similarity.
Earth mover's prototypes: A convex learning approach for discovering activity patterns in dynamic scenes.
Where's Waldo: Matching people in images of crowds.
Towards cross-category knowledge propagation for learning visual concepts.
Image retrieval with geometry-preserving visual phrases.
Minimum error bounded efficient ℓ1 tracker with occlusion detection.
Robust sparse coding for face recognition.
Random field topic model for semantic region analysis in crowded scenes from tracklets.
Asymmetric distances for binary embeddings.
Robust classification using structured sparse representation.
CrossTrack: Robust 3D tracking from two cross-sectional views.
Tag localization with spatial correlations and joint group sparsity.
Graph embedding discriminant analysis on Grassmannian manifolds for improved image set matching.
Linearity of each channel pixel values from a surface in and out of shadows and its applications.
Visual textures as realizations of multivariate log-Gaussian Cox processes.
A general method for the point of regard estimation in 3D space.
Least squares surface reconstruction from gradients: Direct algebraic methods with spectral, Tikhonov, and constrained regularization.
Non-rigid structure from motion with complementary rank-3 spaces.
Person re-identification by probabilistic relative distance comparison.
What you saw is not what you get: Domain adaptation using asymmetric kernel transforms.
Actom sequence models for efficient action detection.
Articulated pose estimation with flexible mixtures-of-parts.
Learning context for collective activity recognition.
Registration for 3D surfaces with large deformations using quasi-conformal curvature flow.
Discriminative image warping with attribute flow.
Boosted local structured HOG-LBP for object localization.
City-scale landmark identification on mobile devices.
Noise suppression in low-light images through joint denoising and demosaicing.
High-precision localization using visual landmarks fused with range data.
Probabilistic event logic for interval-based event recognition.
A study of Nesterov's scheme for Lagrangian decomposition and MAP labeling.
Hello neighbor: Accurate object retrieval with k-reciprocal nearest neighbors.
Structure-from-motion based hand-eye calibration using L∞ minimization.
Learning to find occlusion regions.
Random maximum margin hashing.
Sparse approximated nearest points for image set classification.
Bayesian deblurring with integrated noise estimation.
Supervised hypergraph labeling.
Inference for order reduction in Markov random fields.
Max-margin clustering: Detecting margins from projections of points on lines.
Shared parts for deformable part-based models.
Exploiting phonological constraints for handshape inference in ASL video.
A polar representation of motion and implications for optical flow.
Supervised local subspace learning for continuous head pose estimation.
Statistics of real-world hyperspectral images.
Identifying players in broadcast sports videos using conditional random fields.
Blind deconvolution using a normalized sparsity measure.
3D motion reconstruction for real-world camera motion.
Modelling composite shapes by Gibbs random fields.
Submodular decomposition framework for inference in associative Markov networks with global constraints.
Multifactor analysis based on factor-dependent geometry.
Feature context for image classification and object detection.
Nonlinear shape manifolds as shape priors in level set segmentation and tracking.
Beyond Alhazen's problem: Analytical projection model for non-central catadioptric cameras with quadric mirrors.
From co-saliency to co-segmentation: An efficient and fully unsupervised energy minimization model.
Automatic adaptation of a generic pedestrian detector to a specific traffic scene.
Activity recognition using dynamic subspace angles.
Matching 2D image lines to 3D models: Two improvements and a new algorithm.
The 24th IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR 2011, Colorado Springs, CO, USA, 20-25 June 2011
Accelerated low-rank visual recovery by random projection.
Efficient groupwise non-rigid registration of textured surfaces.
Noise resistant graph ranking for improved web image search.
A theory of multi-perspective defocusing.
A two-stage reconstruction approach for seeing through water.
Principal regression analysis.
Bypassing synthesis: PLS for face recognition with pose, low-resolution and sketch.
What makes an image memorable?
Robust and efficient regularized boosting using total Bregman divergence.
Support tucker machines.
Importance filtering for image retargeting.
Adequate reconstruction of transparent objects on a shoestring budget.
Auto-directed video stabilization with robust L1 optimal camera paths.
NonLinear refinement of structure from motion reconstruction by taking advantage of a partial knowledge of the environment.
Efficient marginal likelihood optimization in blind deconvolution.
Tracking 3D human pose with large root node uncertainty.
Image annotation using bi-relational graph of images and semantic labels.
An associate-predict model for face recognition.
Structure from motion blur in low light.
Proposal generation for object detection using cascaded ranking SVMs.
Supervised hierarchical Pitman-Yor process for natural scene segmentation.
Object stereo - Joint stereo matching and object segmentation.
Modeling human activities as speech.
Globally-optimal greedy algorithms for tracking a variable number of objects.
Saliency estimation using a non-parametric low-level vision model.
Detection free tracking: Exploiting motion and topology for segmenting and tracking under entanglement.
Learning people detection models from few training samples.
Style transfer matrix learning for writer adaptation.
Scale and rotation invariant matching using linearly augmented trees.
Learning photographic global tonal adjustment with a database of input/output image pairs.
Unsupervised auxiliary visual words discovery for large-scale image object retrieval.
Locality-sensitive support vector machine by exploring local correlation and global regularization.
Graph connectivity in sparse subspace clustering.
Learning a blind measure of perceptual image quality.
Reflection detection in image sequences.
Blur kernel estimation using the radon transform.
Non-negative local coordinate factorization for image representation.
Who are you with and where are you going?
Iterative quantization: A procrustean approach to learning binary codes.
Camera calibration with lens distortion from low-rank textures.
sLLE: Spherical locally linear embedding with applications to tomography.
Learning object color models from multi-view constraints.
Aggregating gradient distributions into intensity orders: A novel local image descriptor.
Cross-view action recognition via view knowledge transfer.
Generalized group sparse classifiers with application in fMRI brain decoding.
Simulating human saccadic scanpaths on natural images.
Ordinal hyperplanes ranker with cost sensitivities for age estimation.
Affine-invariant diffusion geometry for the analysis of deformable 3D shapes.
Learning non-local range Markov Random field for image restoration.
Sparse concept coding for visual analysis.
Global contrast based salient region detection.
Total variation for cyclic structures: Convex relaxation and efficient minimization.
Probabilistic gaze estimation without active personal calibration.
Discriminative spatial pyramid.
Dynamic batch mode active learning.
Correspondence driven adaptation for human profile recognition.
Recovering shape from a single image of a mirrored surface from curvature constraints.
A global optimization approach to robust multi-model fitting.
Uncovering vein patterns from color skin images for forensic analysis.
Active learning for piecewise planar 3D reconstruction.
Improving classifiers with unlabeled weakly-related videos.
Internal statistics of a single natural image.
Evaluation of background subtraction techniques for video surveillance.
Illumination estimation and cast shadow detection through a higher-order graphical model.
Repetition-based dense single-view reconstruction.
Novelty detection from an ego-centric perspective.
Multiview specular stereo reconstruction of large mirror surfaces.
Interactively building a discriminative vocabulary of nameable attributes.
Scene flow estimation by growing correspondence seeds.
Majorization-minimization mixture model determination in image segmentation.
Estimating Motion and size of moving non-line-of-sight objects in cluttered environments.
Foreground segmentation of live videos using locally competing 1SVMs.
On dynamic scene geometry for view-invariant action matching.
Biased normalized cuts.
Capturing Time-of-Flight data with confidence.
Generalized Gaussian process models.
Novel 4-D Open-Curve Active Contour and curve completion approach for automated tree structure extraction.
Non-negative matrix factorization as a feature selection tool for maximum margin classifiers.
Intrinsic images using optimization.
Context tracker: Exploring supporters and distracters in unconstrained environments.
Baby talk: Understanding and generating simple image descriptions.
A coarse-to-fine approach for fast deformable object detection.
Functional categorization of objects using real-time markerless motion capture.
Contour cut: Identifying salient contours in images by solving a Hermitian eigenvalue problem.
Online group-structured dictionary learning.
A Sobolev-type metric for polar active contours.
On deep generative models with applications to recognition.
Intrinsic dense 3D surface tracking.
Dirichlet process mixture models on symmetric positive definite matrices for appearance clustering in video surveillance applications.
Large-scale live active learning: Training object detectors with crawled data and crowds.
Online domain adaptation of a pre-trained cascade of classifiers.
Rank-SIFT: Learning to rank repeatable local interest points.
Semantic structure from motion.
Single image super-resolution using Gaussian process regression.
Learning hierarchical invariant spatio-temporal features for action recognition with independent subspace analysis.
Efficient multi-camera detection, tracking, and identification using a shared set of haar-features.
Visual saliency detection by spatially weighted dissimilarity.
Hierarchical semantic indexing for large scale image retrieval.
Learning temporally consistent rigidities.
Multi-level inference by relaxed dual decomposition for human pose segmentation.
Global stereo matching leveraged by sparse ground control points.
High-resolution hyperspectral imaging via matrix factorization.
Abnormal detection using interaction energy potentials.
Line-based relative pose estimation.
Efficient subwindow search with submodular score functions.
Multi-spectral SIFT for scene category recognition.
Predicting image matching using affine distortion models.
Variable grouping for energy minimization.
TaylorBoost: First and second-order boosting algorithms with explicit margin control.
Discriminative tag learning on YouTube videos with latent sub-tags.
A closed form solution to robust subspace estimation and clustering.
Combining attributes and Fisher vectors for efficient image retrieval.
Evaluating combinational color constancy methods on real-world images.
Finding the weakest link in person detectors.
Making the right moves: Guiding alpha-expansion using local primal-dual gaps.
Geometric ℓp-norm feature pooling for image classification.
Scene shape from texture of objects.
Fast and high-performance template matching method.
Using Ripley's K-function to improve graph-based clustering techniques.
A theory of differential photometric stereo for unknown isotropic BRDFs.
Simultaneous dimensionality reduction and human age estimation via kernel partial least squares regression.
Intrinsic images decomposition using a local and global sparse representation of reflectance.
A brute-force algorithm for reconstructing a scene from two projections.
Distributed computer vision algorithms through distributed averaging.
AdaBoost on low-rank PSD matrices for metric learning.
Unsupervised local color correction for coarsely registered images.
Online detection of unusual events in videos via dynamic sparse coding.
Boundary preserving dense local regions.
Heat-mapping: A robust approach toward perceptually consistent mesh segmentation.
Learning the easy things first: Self-paced visual category discovery.
Sparse reconstruction cost for abnormal event detection.
A scalable dual approach to semidefinite metric learning.
Robust tracking using local sparse appearance model and K-selection.
Kernelized structural SVM learning for supervised object segmentation.
High-quality shape from multi-view stereo and shading under general illumination.
Image classification by non-negative sparse coding, low-rank and sparse decomposition.
O(N) implicit subspace embedding for unsupervised multi-scale image segmentation.
Graph matching through entropic manifold alignment.
Local isomorphism to solve the pre-image problem in kernel methods.
Image saliency: From intrinsic to extrinsic context.
Multiscale geometric and spectral analysis of plane arrangements.
Radiometric calibration by transform invariant low-rank structure.
Global temporal registration of multiple non-rigid surface sequences.
Sharing features between objects and their attributes.
A deformation and lighting insensitive metric for face recognition based on dense correspondences.
Adapting an object detector by considering the worst case: A conservative approach.
Space-time super-resolution from a single video.
Real time head pose estimation with random regression forests.
Feature- and depth-supported modified total variation optical flow for 3D motion field estimation in real scenes.
2.5D building modeling with topology control.
Learning image representations from the pixel level via hierarchical sparse coding.
Automatic photo-to-terrain alignment for the annotation of mountain pictures.
Unsupervised random forest indexing for fast action search.
Pose-robust recognition of low-resolution face images.
Deterministically maximizing feasible subsystem for robust model fitting with unit norm constraint.
Is face recognition really a Compressive Sensing problem?
Robust discriminative wire structure modeling with application to stent enhancement in fluoroscopy.
Robust point set registration using EM-ICP with information-theoretically optimal outlier handling.
Translation symmetry detection in a fronto-parallel view.
Distributed message passing for large scale graphical models.
Classification with scattering operators.
Time and space efficient spectral clustering via column sampling.
Query-specific visual semantic spaces for web image re-ranking.
A unified framework for locating and recognizing human actions.
Edgel index for large-scale sketch-based image search.
Multi-view reconstruction preserving weakly-supported surfaces.
Real-time visual tracking using compressive sensing.
Scale invariant cosegmentation for image groups.
Compact hashing with joint optimization of search accuracy and time.
Action recognition with multiscale spatio-temporal contexts.
Hierarchical anatomical brain networks for MCI prediction by partial least square analysis.
A rank-order distance based clustering algorithm for face tagging.
High resolution multispectral video capture with a hybrid camera system.
Clues from the beaten path: Location estimation with bursty sequences of tourist photos.
Entropy rate superpixel segmentation.
Reconstructing an image from its local descriptors.
Reconstruction of relief objects from line drawings.
Mining discriminative co-occurrence patterns for visual recognition.
Multi-target tracking by continuous energy minimization.
Learning message-passing inference machines for structured prediction.
Localizing parts of faces using a consensus of exemplars.
Multi-layer group sparse coding - For concurrent image classification and annotation.
Nonnegative sparse coding for discriminative semi-supervised learning.
High level describable attributes for predicting aesthetics and interestingness.
From 3D scene geometry to human workspace.
Recognizing human actions by attributes.
A 3-D marked point process model for multi-view people detection.
What makes a chair a chair?
Discriminative affine sparse codes for image classification.
Learning invariance through imitation.
Shape estimation in natural illumination.
On analyzing video with very small motions.
Total recall II: Query expansion revisited.
The light-path less traveled.
Scalable multi-class object detection.
Sparse image representation with epitomes.
Tracking low resolution objects by metric preservation.
Efficient Euclidean distance transform using perpendicular bisector segmentation.
Joint segmentation and classification of human actions in video.
Wide-angle micro sensors for vision on a tight budget.
Smoothly varying affine stitching.
Motion denoising with application to time-lapse photography.
Human brain labeling using image similarities.
A non-convex relaxation approach to sparse dictionary learning.
Real-time human pose recognition in parts from single depth images.
Instantly telling what happens in a video sequence using simple features.
Learning image Vicept description via mixed-norm regularization for large scale semantic image search.
Topologically-robust 3D shape matching based on diffusion geometry and seed growing.
P2C2: Programmable pixel compressive camera for high speed imaging.
Submodularity beyond submodular energies: Coupling edges in graph cuts.
Discrete-continuous optimization for large-scale structure from motion.
A novel parametrization of the perspective-three-point problem for a direct computation of absolute camera position and orientation.
A direct formulation for totally-corrective multi-class boosting.
An analysis of using high-frequency sinusoidal illumination to measure the 3D shape of translucent objects.
RUNE-Tag: A high accuracy fiducial marker with strong occlusion resilience.
Fast unsupervised ego-action learning for first-person sports videos.
Nonparametric density estimation on a graph: Learning framework, fast approximation and application in image segmentation.
Learning effective human pose estimation from inaccurate annotation.
Deformation and illumination invariant feature point descriptor.
Multiobject tracking as maximum weight independent set.
Foreground-background segmentation using iterated distribution matching.
Coupled information-theoretic encoding for face photo-sketch recognition.
An effective document image deblurring algorithm.
Object association across PTZ cameras using logistic MIL.
Object recognition with hierarchical kernel descriptors.
Exhaustive family of energies minimizable exactly by a graph cut.
Particle filter with state permutations for solving image jigsaw puzzles.
Inertial sensor-aligned visual feature descriptors.
Efficient MCMC sampling with implicit shape representations.
Sparse shape composition: A new framework for shape prior modeling.
FlowBoost - Appearance learning from sparsely annotated video.
Learning affinities and dependencies for multi-target tracking using a CRF model.
Markerless motion capture of interacting characters using multi-view image segmentation.
From region similarity to category discovery.
Combining randomization and discrimination for fine-grained image categorization.
A Bayesian approach to adaptive video super resolution.
Contour-based joint clustering of multiple segmentations.
Registration of camera captured documents under non-rigid deformation.
Monocular 3D scene understanding with explicit occlusion reasoning.
Learning a discriminative dictionary for sparse coding via label consistent K-SVD.
Visual and semantic similarity in ImageNet.
A segmentation-aware object detection model with occlusion handling.
Heterogeneous image feature integration via multi-modal spectral clustering.
Segment an image by looking into an image corpus.
Relative pose problem for non-overlapping surveillance cameras with known gravity vector.
Generalized projection based M-estimator: Theory and applications.
2D nonrigid partial shape matching using MCMC and contour subdivision.
The magic sigma.
An Event-Based Framework for Process Inference.
Large Scale Diagnosis Using Associations between System Outputs and Components.
Analogical Dialogue Acts: Supporting Learning by Reading Analogies in Instructional Texts.
Basis Function Discovery Using Spectral Clustering and Bisimulation Metrics.
Transportability of Causal and Statistical Relations: A Formal Approach.
A Local Monte Carlo Tree Search Approach in Deterministic Planning.
Lego Plays Chess: A Low-Cost, Low-Complexity Approach to Intelligent Robotics.
Bayesian Learning of Generalized Board Positions for Improved Move Prediction in Computer Go.
Block A*: Database-Driven Search with Applications in Any-Angle Path-Planning.
Campaign Management under Approval-Driven Voting Rules.
Incorporating Boosted Regression Trees into Ecological Latent Variable Models.
Trajectory Regression on Road Networks.
Selective Transfer Between Learning Tasks Using Task-Based Boosting.
Language Splitting and Relevance-Based Belief Change in Horn Logic.
Recognizing Text Through Sound Alone.
Termination and Correctness Analysis of Cyclic Control.
Online Graph Pruning for Pathfinding On Grid Maps.
Propagating Both Trust and Distrust with Target Differentiation for Combating Web Spam.
M-Unit EigenAnt: An Ant Algorithm to Find the M Best Solutions.
Cross Media Entity Extraction and Linkage for Chemical Documents.
Adaptive Neighborhood Inverse Consistency as Lookahead for Non-Binary CSPs.
The Next Best Solution.
Heuristic Planning in Adversarial Dynamic Domains.
Automatic Group Sparse Coding.
Dominating Manipulations in Voting with Partial Information.
Convex Sparse Coding, Subspace Learning, and Semi-Supervised Extensions.
Stopping Rules for Randomized Greedy Triangulation Schemes.
Modeling and Monitoring Crop Disease in Developing Countries.
Using Partitions and Superstrings for Lossless Compression of Pattern Databases.
Green Driver: AI in a Microcosm.
Transfer Latent Semantic Learning: Microblog Mining with Less Supervision.
A General Nogood-Learning Framework for Pseudo-Boolean Multi-Valued SAT.
DISCO: Describing Images Using Scene Contexts and Objects.
Higher-Order Description Logics for Domain Metamodeling.
A Probabilistic Trust and Reputation Model for Supply Chain Management.
Personalizing Your Web Services with Constructive DL Reasoning Join.
Fast Query Recommendation by Search.
Towards Practical ABox Abduction in Large OWL DL Ontologies.
Improving Cost-Optimal Domain-Independent Symbolic Planning.
Limits of Preprocessing.
Complete Information Pursuit Evasion in Polygonal Environments.
Learning Sensor, Space and Object Geometry.
Differential Eligibility Vectors for Advantage Updating and Gradient Methods.
Towards Evolutionary Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
A Whole Page Click Model to Better Interpret Search Engine Click Data.
Modeling the Effects of Emotion on Cognition.
Item-Level Social Influence Prediction with Probabilistic Hybrid Factor Matrix Factorization.
Incentive-Compatible Trust Mechanisms.
OASIS: Online Active Semi-Supervised Learning.
CosTriage: A Cost-Aware Triage Algorithm for Bug Reporting Systems.
Across-Model Collective Ensemble Classification.
A Scalable Tree-Based Approach for Joint Object and Pose Recognition.
Efficient Subspace Segmentation via Quadratic Programming.
Assessing Quality in the Web of Linked Sensor Data.
Self-Aware Traffic Route Planning.
Identifying Missing Node Information in Social Networks.
Understanding Natural Language Commands for Robotic Navigation and Mobile Manipulation.
A Functional Analysis of Historical Memory Retrieval Bias in the Word Sense Disambiguation Task.
Identifying Evaluative Sentences in Online Discussions.
First-Order Logic with Counting for General Game Playing.
Effective End-User Interaction with Machine Learning.
Towards Large-Scale Collaborative Planning: Answering High-Level Search Queries Using Human Computation.
Learning Structured Embeddings of Knowledge Bases.
Fast Parallel and Adaptive Updates for Dual-Decomposition Solvers.
Exploiting Problem Symmetries in State-Based Planners.
When to Stop? That Is the Question.
Core-Guided Binary Search Algorithms for Maximum Satisfiability.
Learning Dimensional Descent for Optimal Motion Planning in High-dimensional Spaces.
Symmetric Graph Regularized Constraint Propagation.
Adding Default Attributes to EL++.
Unsupervised Learning of Human Behaviours.
Exact Phase Transitions and Approximate Algorithm of #CSP.
Recommendation Sets and Choice Queries: There Is No Exploration/Exploitation Tradeoff!
Inner Regions and Interval Linearizations for Global Optimization.
Partially Supervised Text Classification with Multi-Level Examples.
Revisiting Semantics for Epistemic Extensions of Description Logics.
Combining Learned Discrete and Continuous Action Models.
Toward Learning to Solve Insertion Tasks: A Developmental Approach Using Exploratory Behaviors and Proprioception.
Heuristic Search for Large Problems With Real Costs.
Optimal Graph Search with Iterated Graph Cuts.
An Online Spectral Learning Algorithm for Partially Observable Nonlinear Dynamical Systems.
Using Neural Networks for Evaluation in Heuristic Search Algorithm.
Mechanism Design for Federated Sponsored Search Auctions.
Fast Newton-CG Method for Batch Learning of Conditional Random Fields.
Preferred Explanations: Theory and Generation via Planning.
Reasoning About General Games Described in GDL-II.
An Algebraic Prolog for Reasoning about Possible Worlds.
Artificial Intelligence for Artificial Artificial Intelligence.
Time Complexity of Iterative-Deepening A*: The Informativeness Pathology (Abstract).
Constrained Coalition Formation.
Dual Decomposition for Marginal Inference.
A Novel Technique for Avoiding Plateaus of Greedy Best-First Search in Satisficing Planning.
Lossy Conservative Update (LCU) Sketch: Succinct Approximate Count Storage.
Coarse-to-Fine Inference and Learning for First-Order Probabilistic Models.
Sparse Matrix-Variate t Process Blockmodels.
The Compressed Differential Heuristic.
Efficient Issue-Grouping Approach for Multi-Issues Negotiation between Exaggerator Agents.
Cognitive Synergy between Procedural and Declarative Learning in the Control of Animated and Robotic Agents Using the OpenCogPrime AGI Architecture.
Latent Semantic Learning by Efficient Sparse Coding with Hypergraph Regularization.
Conjunctive Query Inseparability of OWL 2 QL TBoxes.
The Influence of Emotion Expression on Perceptions of Trustworthiness in Negotiation.
Complexity of and Algorithms for Borda Manipulation.
Generating Explanations for Complex Biomedical Queries.
Web Personalization and Cohort Information Services for Natural Resource Managers.
End-User Feature Labeling via Locally Weighted Logistic Regression.
Ordinal Regression via Manifold Learning.
A Fast Spectral Relaxation Approach to Matrix Completion via Kronecker Products.
Linear Dynamic Programs for Resource Management.
Conjunctive Representations in Contingent Planning: Prime Implicates Versus Minimal CNF Formula.
Distributed Constraint Optimization Under Stochastic Uncertainty.
Learning Compact Representations of Time-Varying Processes.
Using Semantic Cues to Learn Syntax.
User-Controllable Learning of Location Privacy Policies With Gaussian Mixture Models.
Predicting Text Quality for Scientific Articles.
Global Seismic Monitoring: A Bayesian Approach.
Co-Training as a Human Collaboration Policy.
Balancing Safety and Exploitability in Opponent Modeling.
Maximum Entropy Context Models for Ranking Biographical Answers to Open-Domain Definition Questions.
Pushing the Power of Stochastic Greedy Ordering Schemes for Inference in Graphical Models.
Dynamic Resource Allocation in Conservation Planning.
Ensemble Classification for Relational Domains.
Market Manipulation with Outside Incentives.
Detecting Multilingual and Multi-Regional Query Intent in Web Search.
Hybrid Planning with Temporally Extended Goals for Sustainable Ocean Observing.
Utilizing Partial Policies for Identifying Equivalence of Behavioral Models.
The AC(C) Language: Integrating Answer Set Programming and Constraint Logic Programming.
Cross-Language Latent Relational Search: Mapping Knowledge across Languages.
A Bayesian Reinforcement Learning framework Using Relevant Vector Machines.
Incentive-Compatible Escrow Mechanisms.
Progression Semantics for Disjunctive Logic Programs.
Optimal Envy-Free Cake Cutting.
A Game-Theoretic Approach to Influence in Networks.
Integrating Community Question and Answer Archives.
Multi-Level Cluster Indicator Decompositions of Matrices and Tensors.
On Improving Conformant Planners by Analyzing Domain-Structures.
Learning to Suggest Questions in Online Forums.
A Large-Scale Study on Predicting and Contextualizing Building Energy Usage.
The Steiner Multigraph Problem: Wildlife Corridor Design for Multiple Species.
A Semantical Account of Progression in the Presence of Uncertainty.
Provoking Opponents to Facilitate the Recognition of their Intentions.
Efficiency and Privacy Tradeoffs in Mechanism Design.
Medical Treatment Conflict Resolving in Answer Set Programming.
Non-Parametric Approximate Linear Programming for MDPs.
Proceedings of the Twenty-Fifth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, AAAI 2011, San Francisco, California, USA, August 7-11, 2011
Relational Blocking for Causal Discovery.
Co-Evolution of Selection and Influence in Social Networks.
A Modular Consistency Proof for DOLCE.
Creative Introspection and Knowledge Acquisition.
Optimal Subset Selection for Active Learning.
Comparing Action-Query Strategies in Semi-Autonomous Agents.
Multiagent Patrol Generalized to Complex Environmental Conditions.
Composite Social Network for Predicting Mobile Apps Installation.
A Nonparametric Bayesian Model of Multi-Level Category Learning.
Evolution of Node Behavior in Link Prediction.
Learned Behaviors of Multiple Autonomous Agents in Smart Grid Markets.
Continual Planning with Sensing for Web Service Composition.
Commonsense Causal Reasoning Using Millions of Personal Stories.
Continuous Occupancy Mapping with Integral Kernels.
Learning from Demonstration in Spatial Exploration.
Succinct Set-Encoding for State-Space Search.
Social Relations Model for Collaborative Filtering.
Water Conservation Through Facilitation on Residential Landscapes.
Coordinated Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning in Networked Distributed POMDPs.
Pruning Techniques in Search and Planning.
Contextually-Based Utility: An Appraisal-Based Approach at Modeling Framing and Decisions.
Heterogeneous Transfer Learning for Image Classification.
A POMDP Model of Eye-Hand Coordination.
Solution Quality Improvements for Massively Multi-Agent Pathfinding.
Parameterized Complexity of Problems in Coalitional Resource Games.
Branch and Price for Multi-Agent Plan Recognition.
Discovering Latent Strategies.
Extending the Applications of Recent Real-Time Heuristic Search.
An Empirical Study of Bagging Predictors for Different Learning Algorithms.
Long-Term Declarative Memory for Generally Intelligent Agents.
Ad Hoc Teamwork in Variations of the Pursuit Domain.
A POMDP-Based Optimal Control of P300-Based Brain-Computer Interfaces.
Commitment to Correlated Strategies.
A Closer Look at the Probabilistic Description Logic Prob-EL.
Mean Field Inference in Dependency Networks: An Empirical Study.
Enhancing Semantic Role Labeling for Tweets Using Self-Training.
Manipulation of Nanson's and Baldwin's Rules.
A Simple and Effective Unsupervised Word Segmentation Approach.
Convergence Properties of (μ + λ) Evolutionary Algorithms.
Computing an Extensive-Form Perfect Equilibrium in Two-Player Games.
Collaborative Users' Brand Preference Mining across Multiple Domains from Implicit Feedbacks.
Qualitative Numeric Planning.
Heterogeneous Transfer Learning with RBMs.
Dynamic Batch Mode Active Learning via L1 Regularization.
The Inter-League Extension of the Traveling Tournament Problem and its Application to Sports Scheduling.
Abductive Markov Logic for Plan Recognition.
On the Complexity of BDDs for State Space Search: A Case Study in Connect Four.
Human Spatial Relational Reasoning: Processing Demands, Representations, and Cognitive Model.
Optimal Route Planning for Electric Vehicles in Large Networks.
Improving Semi-Supervised Support Vector Machines Through Unlabeled Instances Selection.
Strategic Information Disclosure to People with Multiple Alternatives.
Learning Accuracy and Availability of Humans Who Help Mobile Robots.
Automated Action Abstraction of Imperfect Information Extensive-Form Games.
WikiSimple: Automatic Simplification of Wikipedia Articles.
Using Conditional Random Fields to Exploit Token Structure and Labels for Accurate Semantic Annotation.
How to Calibrate the Scores of Biased Reviewers by Quadratic Programming.
Grammatical Error Detection for Corrective Feedback Provision in Oral Conversations.
Temporal Dynamics of User Interests in Tagging Systems.
Efficient Energy-Optimal Routing for Electric Vehicles.
Efficient Methods for Lifted Inference with Aggregate Factors.
Hekateros: A Desktop 5 Degree-of-Freedom Robot Arm for the Small-Scale Manipulation Robot Chess Challenge.
Predicting Author Blog Channels with High Value Future Posts for Monitoring.
On the Discovery and Utility of Precedence Constraints in Temporal Planning.
SemRec: A Semantic Enhancement Framework for Tag Based Recommendation.
Semantic Relatedness Using Salient Semantic Analysis.
Decentralised Control of Micro-Storage in the Smart Grid.
Transfer Learning by Structural Analogy.
A Comparison of Lex Bounds for Multiset Variables in Constraint Programming.
Transfer Learning for Multiple-Domain Sentiment Analysis - Identifying Domain Dependent/Independent Word Polarity.
Two Visual Strategies for Solving the Raven's Progressive Matrices Intelligence Test.
Exploiting Path Refinement Abstraction in Domain Transition Graphs.
Anytime Nonparametric A.
Multi-Observation Sensor Resetting Localization with Ambiguous Landmarks.
Refinement of Strong Stackelberg Equilibria in Security Games.
Learning Instance Specific Distance for Multi-Instance Classification.
Reconstructing the Stochastic Evolution Diagram of Dynamic Complex Systems.
Probabilistic Plan Graph Heuristic for Probabilistic Planning.
Adaptive Large Margin Training for Multilabel Classification.
CCRank: Parallel Learning to Rank with Cooperative Coevolution.
An Efficient and Complete Approach for Cooperative Path-Finding.
Spectrum-Based Sequential Diagnosis.
Optimal Packing of High-Precision Rectangles.
Design and Analysis of Value Creation Networks.
Stochastic Model Predictive Controller for the Integration of Building Use and Temperature Regulation.
Logistic Methods for Resource Selection Functions and Presence-Only Species Distribution Models.
Generating True Relevance Labels in Chinese Search Engine Using Clickthrough Data.
Designing Water Efficient Residential Landscapes with Agent-Based Modeling.
Bounded Forgetting.
Hybrid Tractable Classes of Binary Quantified Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Enforcing Liveness in Autonomous Traffic Management.
Euclidean Heuristic Optimization.
Quantity Makes Quality: Learning with Partial Views.
Simulated Annealing Based Influence Maximization in Social Networks.
A Robotics Environment for Software Engineering Courses.
Planning in Domains with Cost Function Dependent Actions.
Developing a Language for Spoken Programming.
Optimal Rewards versus Leaf-Evaluation Heuristics in Planning Agents.
Extensible Automated Constraint Modelling.
Planning for Operational Control Systems with Predictable Exogenous Events.
Extending Classical Planning Heuristics to Probabilistic Planning with Dead-Ends.
Can Collective Sentiment Expressed on Twitter Predict Political Elections?
Verifying Intervention Policies to Counter Infection Propagation over Networks: A Model Checking Approach.
A Feasible Nonconvex Relaxation Approach to Feature Selection.
Analyzing and Predicting Not-Answered Questions in Community-based Question Answering Services.
Learning to Interpret Natural Language Navigation Instructions from Observations.
Efficiently Learning a Distance Metric for Large Margin Nearest Neighbor Classification.
A Framework for Integration of Logical and Probabilistic Knowledge.
On Expressing Value Externalities in Position Auctions.
Social Recommendation Using Low-Rank Semidefinite Program.
Risk-Averse Strategies for Security Games with Execution and Observational Uncertainty.
Understanding User Migration Patterns in Social Media.
Intrinsic Chess Ratings.
Multi-Task Learning in Heterogeneous Feature Spaces.
Modeling Opponent Actions for Table-Tennis Playing Robot.
Learning a Kernel for Multi-Task Clustering.
A Switching Planner for Combined Task and Observation Planning.
Multi-Task Learning in Square Integrable Space.
A Distributed Anytime Algorithm for Dynamic Task Allocation in Multi-Agent Systems.
Role-Based Ad Hoc Teamwork.
Markov Logic Sets: Towards Lifted Information Retrieval Using PageRank and Label Propagation.
Integrating Clustering and Multi-Document Summarization by Bi-Mixture Probabilistic Latent Semantic Analysis (PLSA) with Sentence Bases.
Deriving a Web-Scale Common Sense Fact Database.
Value Function Approximation in Reinforcement Learning Using the Fourier Basis.
Nonnegative Spectral Clustering with Discriminative Regularization.
Learning in Repeated Games with Minimal Information: The Effects of Learning Bias.
Localized K-Flats.
Learning from Spatial Overlap.
Model Update for Automated Planning.
Trust Transitivity in Complex Social Networks.
Active Dual Collaborative Filtering with Both Item and Attribute Feedback.
New Expressive Languages for Ontological Query Answering.
Conflict-Driven Constraint Answer Set Solving with Lazy Nogood Generation.
Direct Density-Ratio Estimation with Dimensionality Reduction via Hetero-Distributional Subspace Analysis.
Finding Answers and Generating Explanations for Complex Biomedical Queries.
Scaling Up Game Theory: Achievable Set Methods for Efficiently Solving Stochastic Games of Complete and Incomplete Information.
Towards Maximizing the Area Under the ROC Curve for Multi-Class Classification Problems.
Large Scale Spectral Clustering with Landmark-Based Representation.
A Generalised Solution to the Out-of-Sample Extension Problem in Manifold Learning.
VCG Redistribution with Gross Substitutes.
Dominant-Strategy Auction Design for Agents with Uncertain, Private Values.
Recognizing Plans with Loops Represented in a Lexicalized Grammar.
Solving 4x5 Dots-And-Boxes.
Joint Inference for Extracting Text Descriptors from Triage Images of Mass Disaster Victims.
Generating Diverse Plans Using Quantitative and Qualitative Plan Distance Metrics.
Scaling Up Reinforcement Learning through Targeted Exploration.
Integrating Rules and Description Logics by Circumscription.
Memory-Efficient Dynamic Programming for Learning Optimal Bayesian Networks.
Can Quadrotors Succeed as an Educational Platform?
On the Effectiveness of Belief State Representation in Contingent Planning.
Controlling Selection Bias in Causal Inference.
Tree Sequence Kernel for Natural Language.
Online Updating the Generalized Inverse of Centered Matrices.
Approaches to Multi-Robot Exploration and Localization.
Learning with Imprecise Classes, Rare Instances, and Complex Relationships.
Multiple-Instance Learning: Multiple Feature Selection on Instance Representation.
Sparse Group Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
Solving Difficult CSPs with Relational Neighborhood Inverse Consistency.
A Kernel-Based Iterative Combinatorial Auction.
The Epistemic Logic Behind the Game Description Language.
Discovering Life Cycle Assessment Trees from Impact Factor Databases.
Size Adaptive Selection of Most Informative Features.
Quick Polytope Approximation of All Correlated Equilibria in Stochastic Games.
Playing Chess with a Human-Scale Mobile Manipulator.
Automated Abstractions for Patrolling Security Games.
Planning with Specialized SAT Solvers.
Comparing Agents' Success against People in Security Domains.
Linear Discriminant Analysis: New Formulations and Overfit Analysis.
Exploiting Phase Transition in Latent Networks for Clustering.
An Intelligent System for Prolonging Independent Living of Elderly.
Policy Gradient Planning for Environmental Decision Making with Existing Simulators.
Autonomous Skill Acquisition on a Mobile Manipulator.
Learning Tasks and Skills Together From a Human Teacher.
Leveraging Wikipedia Characteristics for Search and Candidate Generation in Question Answering.
Tracking User-Preference Varying Speed in Collaborative Filtering.
Two-Dimensional Description Logics for Context-Based Semantic Interoperability.
Causal Theories of Actions Revisited.
Extract knowledge from semi-structured websites for search task simplification.
Efficiency optimizations for interpolating subqueries.
Selecting related terms in query-logs using two-stage SimRank.
On the elasticity of NoSQL databases over cloud management platforms.
Fast metadata-driven multiresolution tensor decomposition.
Content based social behavior prediction: a multi-task learning approach.
Location-aware click prediction in mobile local search.
Legal document clustering with built-in topic segmentation.
Block-based load balancing for entity resolution with MapReduce.
LSDS-IR'11: the 9th workshop on large-scale and distributed systems for information retrieval.
Finding images of difficult entities in the long tail.
Suggestion set utility maximization using session logs.
Searching microblogs: coping with sparsity and document quality.
An algorithm for axiom pinpointing in EL+ and its incremental variant.
Classification and annotation in social corpora using multiple relations.
Image clustering fusion technique based on BFS.
Retrieval models for audience selection in display advertising.
Hierarchical tag visualization and application for tag recommendations.
Search result diversification for enterprise data.
Overview of the third international workshop on search and mining user-generated contents.
Adaptive term frequency normalization for BM25.
Ontology-based data management.
Duplicate detection through structure optimization.
A personalized recommendation system on scholarly publications.
Learning to rank categories for web queries.
Social ranking for spoken web search.
Detection of text quality flaws as a one-class classification problem.
Collaborative exploratory search in real-world context.
Context-based people search in labeled social networks.
Link prediction: the power of maximal entropy random walk.
Processing the signature quadratic form distance on many-core GPU architectures.
PIKM 2011: the 4th ACM workshop for Ph.D. students in information and knowledge management.
Scalable entity matching computation with materialization.
Diversifying search results of controversial queries.
Enriching textbooks with images.
Index tuning for query-log based on-line index maintenance.
Interactive reasoning in uncertain RDF knowledge bases.
A data mining system based on SQL queries and UDFs for relational databases.
DOLAP 2011: overview of the 14th international workshop on data warehousing and olap.
Computational geography.
Matching query processing in high-dimensional space.
Towards a top-down and bottom-up bidirectional approach to joint information extraction.
Assisting web search users by destination reachability.
Behavior-driven clustering of queries into topics.
Accounting for data dependencies within a hierarchical dirichlet process mixture model.
Predicting document effectiveness in pseudo relevance feedback.
Efficient resource attribute retrieval in RDF triple stores.
MTopS: scalable processing of continuous top-k multi-query workloads.
A language model approach to capture commercial intent and information relevance for sponsored search.
Relevance weighting using within-document term statistics.
Citation count prediction: learning to estimate future citations for literature.
Semi-indexing semi-structured data in tiny space.
A cluster based mobile peer to peer architecture in wireless ad hoc networks.
Spectral analysis of a blogosphere.
Optimized processing of multiple aggregate continuous queries.
More influence means less work: fast latent dirichlet allocation by influence scheduling.
Imbalanced sentiment classification.
Advances in data stream mining for mobile and ubiquitous environments.
SIMD-based decoding of posting lists.
Constructing seminal paper genealogy.
Prioritizing relevance judgments to improve the construction of IR test collections.
Efficient methods for finding influential locations with adaptive grids.
Ranking support for keyword search on structured data using relevance models.
Content-driven detection of campaigns in social media.
Tractable XML data exchange via relations.
Recommendation in the end-to-end encrypted domain.
Extracting collective expectations about the future from large text collections.
Two birds with one stone: learning semantic models for text categorization and word sense disambiguation.
Towards noise-resilient document modeling.
Coreference aware web object retrieval.
Sparse structured probabilistic projections for factorized latent spaces.
Language-independent sentiment classification using three common words.
Cloning for privacy protection in multiple independent data publications.
Tightly coupling visual and linguistic features for enriching audio-based web browsing experience.
Learning to recommend questions based on public interest.
Privacy preserving feature selection for distributed data using virtual dimension.
Robust video fingerprinting based on hierarchical symmetric difference feature.
Do they belong to the same class: active learning by querying pairwise label homogeneity.
k-Nearest neighbor query processing method based on distance relation pattern.
Bayesian latent variable models for collaborative item rating prediction.
Structural link analysis and prediction in microblogs.
Effective and efficient polarity estimation in blogs based on sentence-level evidence.
Partial duplicate detection for large book collections.
Intent-aware query similarity.
Named entity recognition using a modified Pegasos algorithm.
Efficient retrieval of 3D building models using embeddings of attributed subgraphs.
A novel framework of training hidden markov support vector machines from lightly-annotated data.
Black swan: augmenting statistics with event data.
Diverse retrieval via greedy optimization of expected 1-call@k in a latent subtopic relevance model.
Relative effect of spam and irrelevant documents on user interaction with search engines.
Timing when to buy.
Continuous data stream query in the cloud.
Social and collaborative information seeking: panel.
A continuous query evaluation scheme for a detection-only query over data streams.
Health conversational system based on contextual matching of community-driven question-answer pairs.
CoRankBayes: bayesian learning to rank under the co-training framework and its application in keyphrase extraction.
DELTA: indexing and querying multi-labeled graphs.
Efficient association discovery with keyword-based constraints on large graph data.
TAKES: a fast method to select features in the kernel space.
CASINO: towards conformity-aware social influence analysis in online social networks.
Search and mining entity-relationship data.
Distributed social graph embedding.
Large-scale behavioral targeting with a social twist.
A query-based multi-document sentiment summarizer.
On bias problem in relevance feedback.
Passage retrieval for incorporating global evidence in sequence labeling.
Utility-driven anonymization in data publishing.
Collaborative online learning of user generated content.
Indexes for highly repetitive document collections.
ReDRIVE: result-driven database exploration through recommendations.
Report on the third international workshop on cloud datamanagement (CloudDB 2011).
Folksonomy-based term extraction for word cloud generation.
Worker types and personality traits in crowdsourcing relevance labels.
Insert-friendly XML containment labeling scheme.
Modeling personalized email prioritization: classification-based and regression-based approaches.
Fast fully dynamic landmark-based estimation of shortest path distances in very large graphs.
Beyond precision@10: clustering the long tail of web search results.
Improving user interest inference from social neighbors.
Recency ranking by diversification of result set.
What and how children search on the web.
Multi-view random walk framework for search task discovery from click-through log.
Keyword search over RDF graphs.
Towards a unified solution: data record region detection and segmentation.
I/O-efficient algorithms for answering pattern-based aggregate queries in a sequence OLAP system.
Learning-based relevance feedback for web-based relation completion.
Hierarchy evolution for improved classification.
Towards feature selection in network.
Effectiveness beyond the first crawl tier.
Categorising logical differences between OWL ontologies.
Collection-based compression using discovered long matching strings.
Structured data classification by means of matrix factorization.
Context-aware query recommendation by learning high-order relation in query logs.
OpinioNetIt: understanding the opinions-people network for politically controversial topics.
A task level metric for measuring web search satisfaction and its application on improving relevance estimation.
Unsupervised transactional query classification based on webpage form understanding.
Coupled nominal similarity in unsupervised learning.
Fu-Finder: a game for studying querying behaviours.
The quality of the XML web.
An efficient method for using machine translation technologies in cross-language patent search.
A probabilistic method for inferring preferences from clicks.
Learning to target: what works for behavioral targeting.
Entity timelines: visual analytics and named entity evolution.
Building directories for social tagging systems.
Structured learning of two-level dynamic rankings.
The list Viterbi training algorithm and its application to keyword search over databases.
DESIRE 2011: first international workshop on data infrastructures for supporting information retrieval evaluation.
Statistical source expansion for question answering.
Towards expert finding by leveraging relevant categories in authority ranking.
Fast supervised feature extraction by term discrimination information pooling.
A partitioning method for symbolic interval data based on kernelized metric.
Asking what no one has asked before: using phrase similarities to generate synthetic web search queries.
Temporal link prediction by integrating content and structure information.
Can irrelevant data help semi-supervised learning, why and how?
YANA: an efficient privacy-preserving recommender system for online social communities.
KLEAP: an efficient cleaning method to remove cross-reads in RFID streams.
Top-k most influential locations selection.
Latent feature encoding using dyadic and relational data.
Finding relevant information of certain types from enterprise data.
Managing interoperability and complexity inhealth systems: MIXHS'11 workshop summary.
Evolving social search based on bookmarks and status messages from social networks.
A parallel algorithm for computing borders.
Predicting the optimal ad-hoc index for reachability queries on graph databases.
Assigning documents to master sites in distributed search.
Web-based open-domain information extraction.
Relevance feedback exploiting query-specific document manifolds.
Exploiting longer cycles for link prediction in signed networks.
Designing an ensemble classifier over subspace classifiers using iterative convergence routine.
Semantic convolution kernels over dependency trees: smoothed partial tree kernel.
Feature selection using hierarchical feature clustering.
Effects of search success on search engine re-use.
Evaluation of set-based queries with aggregation constraints.
Studying how the past is remembered: towards computational history through large scale text mining.
Workload-aware indexing for keyword search in social networks.
RFID data analysis using tensor calculus for supply chain management.
Natural event summarization.
Improving context-aware query classification via adaptive self-training.
Effective stratification for low selectivity queries on deep web data sources.
Information re-finding by context: a brain memory inspired approach.
Exploratory search over social-medical data.
More or better: on trade-offs in compacting textual problem solution repositories.
Data, health, and algorithmics: computational challenges for biomedicine.
Automated feature generation from structured knowledge.
Efficiently encoding term co-occurrences in inverted indexes.
Automatic query reformulation with syntactic operators to alleviate search difficulty.
Ranking-based processing of SQL queries.
Proceedings of the 20th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2011, Glasgow, United Kingdom, October 24-28, 2011
Emerging topic detection using dictionary learning.
P2Prec: a social-based P2P recommendation system.
Mining frequent patterns across multiple data streams.
Suggesting ghost edges for a smaller world.
RoSeS: a continuous query processor for large-scale RSS filtering and aggregation.
Editing knowledge resources: the wiki way.
A pairwise ranking based approach to learning with positive and unlabeled examples.
Extracting multi-dimensional relations: a generative model of groups of entities in a corpus.
Examining the "leftness" property of Wikipedia categories.
Improving retrieval accuracy of difficult queries through generalizing negative document language models.
Leveraging Wikipedia concept and category information to enhance contextual advertising.
Jasmine: a real-time local-event detection system based on geolocation information propagated to microblogs.
Retrieving and ranking unannotated images through collaboratively mining online search results.
Tag clouds revisited.
Simultaneous clustering of multi-type relational data via symmetric nonnegative matrix tri-factorization.
Adaptive parallel approximate similarity search for responsive multimedia retrieval.
A taxonomy of local search: semi-supervised query classification driven by information needs.
Beyond relevance in marketplace search.
Multiple keyword-based queries over XML streams.
Information extraction from pathology reports in a hospital setting.
Using games with a purpose and bootstrapping to create domain-specific sentiment lexicons.
Patent query reduction using pseudo relevance feedback.
Privacy preserving indexing for eHealth information networks.
A machine-learned proactive moderation system for auction fraud detection.
On relevance, time and query expansion.
Statistical information retrieval modelling: from the probability ranking principle to recent advances in diversity, portfolio theory, and beyond.
Coarse-to-fine classification via parametric and nonparametric models for computer-aided diagnosis.
User oriented tweet ranking: a filtering approach to microblogs.
Spreadsheet-based complex data transformation.
CoDet: sentence-based containment detection in news corpora.
HealthTrust: trust-based retrieval of you tube's diabetes channels.
4th international workshop on patent information retrieval (PaIR'11).
Local computation of PageRank: the ranking side.
Discovering missing click-through query language information for web search.
From names to entities using thematic context distance.
Learning to rank user intent.
Authormagic: an approach to author disambiguation in large-scale digital libraries.
Harvesting facts from textual web sources by constrained label propagation.
Inferring query aspects from reformulations using clustering.
Hybrid models for future event prediction.
Query sampling for learning data fusion.
Advancing the discovery of unique column combinations.
Click the search button and be happy: evaluating direct and immediate information access.
A nugget-based test collection construction paradigm.
Advertiser-centric approach to understand user click behavior in sponsored search.
Sentiment classification via l2-norm deep belief network.
A framework for personalized and collaborative clustering of search results.
SISP: a new framework for searching the informative subgraph based on PSO.
Large-scale array analytics: taming the data tsunami.
Finding dimensions for queries.
Semi-supervised learning to rank with preference regularization.
3rd international workshop on collaborative information retrieval (CIR2011).
Learning conditional random fields with latent sparse features for acronym expansion finding.
Enhancing accessibility of microblogging messages using semantic knowledge.
S3K: seeking statement-supporting top-K witnesses.
BooksOnline'11: 4th workshop on online books, complementary social media, and crowdsourcing.
This image smells good: effects of image information scent in search engine results pages.
Connecting users with similar interests via tag network inference.
CQC: classifying questions in CQA websites.
Conkar: constraint keyword-based association discovery.
Efficient query rewrite for structured web queries.
Attention prediction on social media brand pages.
Question identification on twitter.
Semi-supervised SVMs for classification with unknown class proportions and a small labeled dataset.
Google, bing and a new perspective on ranking similarity.
Facilitating pattern discovery for relation extraction with semantic-signature-based clustering.
Understanding the types of information humans associate with geographic objects.
Structured collaborative filtering.
Finding all justifications of OWL entailments using TMS and MapReduce.
SILA: a spatial instance learning approach for deep webpages.
Annotating knowledge work lifelog: term extraction from sensor and operation history.
Large-scale question classification in cQA by leveraging Wikipedia semantic knowledge.
CLUES: a unified framework supporting interactive exploration of density-based clusters in streams.
Exploring the corporate ecosystem with a semi-supervised entity graph.
Transfer active learning.
Effective retrieval of resources in folksonomies using a new tag similarity measure.
Optimising ontology stream reasoning with truth maintenance system.
Trained trigger language model for sentence retrieval in QA: bridging the vocabulary gap.
Transferring topical knowledge from auxiliary long texts for short text clustering.
Diversification for multi-domain result sets.
Rule-based construction of matching processes.
Data-thirsty business analysts need SODA: search over data warehouse.
Context-based entity description rule for entity resolution.
Filtering and clustering relations for unsupervised information extraction in open domain.
Semantic data markets: a flexible environment for knowledge management.
Fact-based question decomposition for candidate answer re-ranking.
Do all birds tweet the same?: characterizing twitter around the world.
PCMLogging: reducing transaction logging overhead with PCM.
Accurate information extraction for quantitative financial events.
Learning to rank audience for behavioral targeting in display ads.
Personalizing web search results by reading level.
Switch detector: an activity spotting system for desktop.
On selection of objective functions in multi-objective community detection.
Index structures and top-k join algorithms for native keyword search databases.
PICASSO: automated soundtrack suggestion for multi-modal data.
Cost-efficient repair in inconsistent probabilistic databases.
Focusing on novelty: a crawling strategy to build diverse language models.
DIGRank: using global degree to facilitate ranking in an incomplete graph.
Query session detection as a cascade.
Coupling or decoupling for KNN search on road networks?: a hybrid framework on user query patterns.
Context-aware search personalization with concept preference.
e-NSP: efficient negative sequential pattern mining based on identified positive patterns without database rescanning.
Combining machine learning and human judgment in author disambiguation.
Skynets: searching for minimum trees in graphs with incomparable edge weights.
Topic modeling for named entity queries.
Privacy-aware querying over sensitive trajectory data.
Re-ranking by local re-scoring for video indexing and retrieval.
Privacy preservation by independent component analysis and variance control.
Memory-less unsupervised clustering for data streaming by versatile ellipsoidal function.
XQuery optimization based on program slicing.
Extracting cross references from life science databases for search result ranking.
Practical representations for web and social graphs.
Frequency-aware similarity measures: why Arnold Schwarzenegger is always a duplicate.
Probabilistic model for discovering topic based communities in social networks.
External evaluation measures for subspace clustering.
Finding information nebula over large networks.
Representing document as dependency graph for document clustering.
Discovering trending phrases on information streams.
Summarizing web forum threads based on a latent topic propagation process.
Learning to rank with cross entropy.
Topic sentiment analysis in twitter: a graph-based hashtag sentiment classification approach.
A quasi-synchronous dependence model for information retrieval.
Supervised language modeling for temporal resolution of texts.
Scalable density-based subspace clustering.
Generating links to background knowledge: a case study using narrative radiology reports.
PDFMeat: managing publications on the semantic desktop.
AWETO: efficient incremental update and querying in rdf storage system.
Using query log and social tagging to refine queries based on latent topics.
Provenance-based refresh in data-oriented workflows.
Smoothing NDCG metrics using tied scores.
Review recommendation: personalized prediction of the quality of online reviews.
A cross-domain adaptation method for sentiment classification using probabilistic latent analysis.
CP-index: on the efficient indexing of large graphs.
Learning to rank results in relational keyword search.
Implementation techniques for large-scale latent semantic indexing applications.
Defining isochrones in multimodal spatial networks.
Approximate tensor decomposition within a tensor-relational algebraic framework.
On benchmarking data translation systems for semantic-web ontologies.
Authentication of location-based skyline queries.
Plagiarism detection based on structural information.
Sentiment classification based on supervised latent n-gram analysis.
Toward interactive training and evaluation.
Semi-supervised multi-task learning of structured prediction models for web information extraction.
Building a generic debugger for information extraction pipelines.
A linear-time approximation of the earth mover's distance.
Towards a framework for attribute retrieval.
Text vs. space: efficient geo-search query processing.
Determining the diameter of small world networks.
Robust nonnegative matrix factorization using L21-norm.
ONTOCUBE: efficient ontology extraction using OLAP cubes.
Information retrieval challenges in computational advertising.
Discovering customer intent in real-time for streamlining service desk conversations.
Evaluating an associative browsing model for personal information.
Collective prediction with latent graphs.
User action interpretation for personalized content optimization in recommender systems.
High efficiency and quality: large graphs matching.
Correlated multi-label feature selection.
Supporting queries spanning across phases of evolving artifacts using Steiner forests.
Discovering URLs through user feedback.
Creating user interfaces that entice people to manage better information.
Integrating and querying web databases and documents.
H-DB: a hybrid quantitative-structural sql optimizer.
An integrated environment for semantic knowledge work.
Answering label-constraint reachability in large graphs.
Continuously monitoring the correlations of massive discrete streams.
Information diffusion in social networks: observing and affecting what society cares about.
Learning kernels with upper bounds of leave-one-out error.
When close enough is good enough: approximate positional indexes for efficient ranked retrieval.
Interactive sense feedback for difficult queries.
Perspective hierarchical dirichlet process for user-tagged image modeling.
DTMBIO 2011: international workshop on data and textmining in biomedical informatics.
Efficient l-norm multiple feature metric learning for image categorization.
Discovering top-k teams of experts with/without a leader in social networks.
Using random walks for multi-label classification.
Efficient similarity search: arbitrary similarity measures, arbitrary composition.
Item categorization in the e-commerce domain.
RerankEverything: a reranking interface for exploring search results.
Probabilistic near-duplicate detection using simhash.
Recommending citations with translation model.
Leveraging web 2.0 data for scalable semi-supervised learning of domain-specific sentiment lexicons.
A diversity measure leveraging domain specific auxiliary information.
Supervised matching of comments with news article segments.
Joint inference for cross-document information extraction.
A peer's-eye view: network term clouds in a peer-to-peer system.
Object ranking.
Exploring categorization property of social annotations for information retrieval.
Collaborative blacklist generation via searches-and-clicks.
Improving k-nearest neighbors algorithms: practical application of dataset analysis.
Predicting the uncertainty of sentiment adjectives in indirect answers.
Classifying trending topics: a typology of conversation triggers on Twitter.
Citation chain aggregation: an interaction model to support citation cycling.
Privacy protected knowledge management in services with emphasis on quality data.
Insights into explicit semantic analysis.
Mining query structure from click data: a case study of product queries.
Simulating simple user behavior for system effectiveness evaluation.
LSH based outlier detection and its application in distributed setting.
WikiLabel: an encyclopedic approach to labeling documents en masse.
Promotional subspace mining with EProbe framework.
Large-scale information retrieval experimentation with terrier.
LogSig: generating system events from raw textual logs.
Mining entity translations from comparable corpora: a holistic graph mapping approach.
Detect'11: international workshop on DETecting and Exploiting Cultural diversiTy on the social web.
The where in the tweet.
Learning to aggregate vertical results into web search results.
Finding redundant and complementary communities in multidimensional networks.
Toward traffic-driven location-based web search.
Factorization-based lossless compression of inverted indices.
Web science and information exchange in the medical web.
User browsing behavior-driven web crawling.
A probabilistic approach to nearest-neighbor classification: naive hubness bayesian kNN.
Simultaneously improving CSAT and profit in a retail banking organization.
Lower-bounding term frequency normalization.
TOPSIG: topology preserving document signatures.
Fourth workshop on exploiting semantic annotations in information retrieval (ESAIR).
A semi-supervised hybrid system to enhance the recommendation of channels in terms of campaign roi.
Pattern change discovery between high dimensional data sets.
TEXplorer: keyword-based object search and exploration in multidimensional text databases.
Extracting adjective facets from community Q&A corpus.
A geographic study of tie strength in social media.
Uncertain schema matching: the power of not knowing.
Simultaneous joint and conditional modeling of documents tagged from two perspectives.
Mining direct antagonistic communities in explicit trust networks.
Estimating selectivity for joined RDF triple patterns.
Enabling information extraction by inference of regular expressions from sample entities.
Efficient phrase querying with flat position index.
MEMSCALE: in-cluster-memory databases.
Polarity analysis of texts using discourse structure.
Detecting anomalies in graphs with numeric labels.
Diversification and refinement in collaborative filtering recommender.
An unsupervised ranking method based on a technical difficulty terrain.
Constructing efficient information extraction pipelines.
Reranking search results for sparse queries.
Scalable similarity search of timeseries with variable dimensionality.
A pretopological framework for the automatic construction of lexical-semantic structures from texts.
Question routing in community question answering: putting category in its place.
One is enough: distributed filtering for duplicate elimination.
Subject-oriented top-k hot region queries in spatial dataset.
A robust index for regular expression queries.
Domain customization for aspect-oriented opinion analysis with multi-level latent sentiment clues.
Marco Polo: a system for brand-based shopping and exploration.
Who will follow you back?: reciprocal relationship prediction.
Max margin learning on domain-independent web information extraction.
Adding structure to top-k: from items to expansions.
Discovering Emerging Topics in Social Streams via Link Anomaly Detection.
An In-depth Study of Stochastic Kronecker Graphs.
Co-clustering for Binary and Categorical Data with Maximum Modularity.
A Study of Laplacian Spectra of Graph for Subgraph Queries.
D-cores: Measuring Collaboration of Directed Graphs Based on Degeneracy.
Finding Novel Diagnostic Gene Patterns Based on Interesting Non-redundant Contrast Sequence Rules.
Mining Historical Documents for Near-Duplicate Figures.
Recursive Multi-step Time Series Forecasting by Perturbing Data.
Text Clustering via Constrained Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
A Spectral Framework for Detecting Inconsistency across Multi-source Object Relationships.
SolarMap: Multifaceted Visual Analytics for Topic Exploration.
Learning Dirichlet Processes from Partially Observed Groups.
Direct Robust Matrix Factorizatoin for Anomaly Detection.
Web Horror Image Recognition Based on Context-Aware Multi-instance Learning.
Nonnegative Matrix Tri-factorization Based High-Order Co-clustering and Its Fast Implementation.
Cross Domain Random Walk for Query Intent Pattern Mining from Search Engine Log.
Document Clustering via Matrix Representation.
A Taxi Driving Fraud Detection System.
An Efficient Greedy Method for Unsupervised Feature Selection.
ADANA: Active Name Disambiguation.
Low Rank Metric Learning with Manifold Regularization.
Learning from Negative Examples in Set-Expansion.
Identifying Differentially Expressed Genes via Weighted Rank Aggregation.
Unsupervised Anomaly Intrusion Detection via Localized Bayesian Feature Selection.
Algorithms for Mining the Evolution of Conserved Relational States in Dynamic Networks.
Enabling Fast Lazy Learning for Data Streams.
SIMPATH: An Efficient Algorithm for Influence Maximization under the Linear Threshold Model.
Secure Clustering in Private Networks.
Mixture of Softmax sLDA.
Understanding Propagation Error and Its Effect on Collective Classification.
Constraint Selection-Based Semi-supervised Feature Selection.
BibClus: A Clustering Algorithm of Bibliographic Networks by Message Passing on Center Linkage Structure.
Beyond 'Caveman Communities': Hubs and Spokes for Graph Compression and Mining.
Novel Recommendation Based on Personal Popularity Tendency.
Modeling High-Level Behavior Patterns for Precise Similarity Analysis of Software.
The Joint Inference of Topic Diffusion and Evolution in Social Communities.
A New Multi-task Learning Method for Personalized Activity Recognition.
Exploiting False Discoveries - Statistical Validation of Patterns and Quality Measures in Subgroup Discovery.
Helix: Unsupervised Grammar Induction for Structured Activity Recognition.
Isograph: Neighbourhood Graph Construction Based on Geodesic Distance for Semi-supervised Learning.
SLIM: Sparse Linear Methods for Top-N Recommender Systems.
Finding Communities in Dynamic Social Networks.
Multi-task Learning with Task Relations.
Patent Maintenance Recommendation with Patent Information Network Model.
Threshold Conditions for Arbitrary Cascade Models on Arbitrary Networks.
Personalized Travel Package Recommendation.
Semi-supervised Feature Importance Evaluation with Ensemble Learning.
Mining Dominant Patterns in the Sky.
Maximum Entropy Modelling for Assessing Results on Real-Valued Data.
Class Imbalance, Redux.
SPO: Structure Preserving Oversampling for Imbalanced Time Series Classification.
An Analysis of Performance Measures for Binary Classifiers.
Supervised Lazy Random Walk for Topic-Focused Multi-document Summarization.
Detection of Cross-Channel Anomalies from Multiple Data Channels.
Privacy Risk in Graph Stream Publishing for Social Network Data.
A Robust Clustering Algorithm Based on Aggregated Heat Kernel Mapping.
Diverse Dimension Decomposition of an Itemset Space.
Simple Multiple Noisy Label Utilization Strategies.
Efficient Mining of a Concise and Lossless Representation of High Utility Itemsets.
Interesting Multi-relational Patterns.
Manifold Learning and Missing Data Recovery through Unsupervised Regression.
11th IEEE International Conference on Data Mining, ICDM 2011, Vancouver, BC, Canada, December 11-14, 2011
Detecting Community Kernels in Large Social Networks.
Classifying Categorical Data by Rule-Based Neighbors.
Time Series Epenthesis: Clustering Time Series Streams Requires Ignoring Some Data.
Detection of Arbitrarily Oriented Synchronized Clusters in High-Dimensional Data.
Mining Heavy Subgraphs in Time-Evolving Networks.
On Generating All Optimal Monotone Classifications.
Scalable Diversified Ranking on Large Graphs.
Discovering Thematic Patterns in Videos via Cohesive Sub-graph Mining.
Analysis of Textual Variation by Latent Tree Structures.
Using Bayesian Network Learning Algorithm to Discover Causal Relations in Multivariate Time Series.
Learning Markov Logic Networks via Functional Gradient Boosting.
Entropy-Based Graph Clustering: Application to Biological and Social Networks.
Boolean Tensor Factorizations.
Performances and Characteristics of DIGRank, Ranking in the Incomplete Networks.
Discovery of Versatile Temporal Subspace Patterns in 3-D Datasets.
Efficiently Mining Unordered Trees.
Semi-supervised Hierarchical Clustering.
Role-Behavior Analysis from Trajectory Data by Cross-Domain Learning.
COMET: A Recipe for Learning and Using Large Ensembles on Massive Data.
Infrastructure Pattern Discovery in Configuration Management Databases via Large Sparse Graph Mining.
A Hypergraph-based Method for Discovering Semantically Associated Itemsets.
Minimizing Seed Set for Viral Marketing.
Generating Breakpoint-based Timeline Overview for News Topic Retrospection.
Review Graph Based Online Store Review Spammer Detection.
Context-Aware Multi-instance Learning Based on Hierarchical Sparse Representation.
Confidence in Predictions from Random Tree Ensembles.
Multi-Class L2, 1-Norm Support Vector Machine.
Sparse Domain Adaptation in Projection Spaces Based on Good Similarity Functions.
On the Hardness of Graph Anonymization.
Overlapping Correlation Clustering.
Learning Spectral Embedding for Semi-supervised Clustering.
Flexible Fault Tolerant Subspace Clustering for Data with Missing Values.
Learning Classification with Auxiliary Probabilistic Information.
Heuristic Updatable Weighted Random Subspaces for Non-stationary Environments.
Positive and Unlabeled Learning for Graph Classification.
S-preconditioner for Multi-fold Data Reduction with Guaranteed User-Controlled Accuracy.
Causal Associative Classification.
TWITOBI: A Recommendation System for Twitter Using Probabilistic Modeling.
Tracking and Connecting Topics via Incremental Hierarchical Dirichlet Processes.
Discovering the Intrinsic Cardinality and Dimensionality of Time Series Using MDL.
Learning with Minimum Supervision: A General Framework for Transductive Transfer Learning.
Structured Feature Selection and Task Relationship Inference for Multi-task Learning.
A Generalized Fast Subset Sums Framework for Bayesian Event Detection.
Partitionable Kernels for Mapping Kernels.
Twin Gaussian Processes for Binary Classification.
Conditional Anomaly Detection with Soft Harmonic Functions.
Identities Anonymization in Dynamic Social Networks.
CEMiner - An Efficient Algorithm for Mining Closed Patterns from Time Interval-Based Data.
Multi-task Learning for Bayesian Matrix Factorization.
Ranking Web-Based Partial Orders by Significance Using a Markov Reference Model.
Signature Pattern Covering via Local Greedy Algorithm and Pattern Shrink.
LPTA: A Probabilistic Model for Latent Periodic Topic Analysis.
Clustering with Attribute-Level Constraints.
ASAP: A Self-Adaptive Prediction System for Instant Cloud Resource Demand Provisioning.
Healing Sample Selection Bias by Source Classifier Selection.
Semi-supervised Discriminant Hashing.
A Fixed Parameter Tractable Integer Program for Finding the Maximum Order Preserving Submatrix.
Clusterability Analysis and Incremental Sampling for Nyström Extension Based Spectral Clustering.
Efficient Mining of Closed Sequential Patterns on Stream Sliding Window.
A New Markov Model for Clustering Categorical Sequences.
Optimizing Performance Measures for Feature Selection.
Towards Optimal Discriminating Order for Multiclass Classification.
Tag Clustering and Refinement on Semantic Unity Graph.
Learning Tags from Unsegmented Videos of Multiple Human Actions.
Finding Robust Itemsets under Subsampling.
Combining Feature Context and Spatial Context for Image Pattern Discovery.
Improving Product Classification Using Images.
Using Frequent Closed Itemsets for Data Dimensionality Reduction.
Characterizing Inverse Time Dependency in Multi-class Learning.
Incremental Elliptical Boundary Estimation for Anomaly Detection in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Density Estimation Based on Mass.
Tensor Fold-in Algorithms for Social Tagging Prediction.
Learning to Rank for Query-Focused Multi-document Summarization.
LinkBoost: A Novel Cost-Sensitive Boosting Framework for Community-Level Network Link Prediction.
Cross-Temporal Link Prediction.
Calculating Feature Weights in Naive Bayes with Kullback-Leibler Measure.
Learning Protein Folding Energy Functions.
A Fast and Flexible Clustering Algorithm Using Binary Discretization.
Random Forest Based Feature Induction.
Local Models for Expectation-Driven Subgroup Discovery.
Distance Preserving Graph Simplification.
Fast and Robust Graph-based Transductive Learning via Minimum Tree Cut.
Detecting Recurring and Novel Classes in Concept-Drifting Data Streams.
How Does Research Evolve? Pattern Mining for Research Meme Cycles.
Word Cloud Model for Text Categorization.
Multi-instance Metric Learning.
Handling Conditional Discrimination.
Learning Recurrent Neural Networks with Hessian-Free Optimization.
On the Necessity of Irrelevant Variables.
MultiLabel Classification on Tree- and DAG-Structured Hierarchies.
The Importance of Encoding Versus Training with Sparse Coding and Vector Quantization.
Machine Learning, Proceedings of the Seventh International Conference on Machine Learning, Austin, Texas, USA, June 21-23, 1990
Parallel Coordinate Descent for L1-Regularized Loss Minimization.
Large Scale Text Classification using Semisupervised Multinomial Naive Bayes.
Machine Learning, Proceedings of the Eleventh International Conference, Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ, USA, July 10-13, 1994
A New Bayesian Rating System for Team Competitions.
SampleRank: Training Factor Graphs with Atomic Gradients.
Ultra-Fast Optimization Algorithm for Sparse Multi Kernel Learning.
Generalized Boosting Algorithms for Convex Optimization.
Tree-Structured Infinite Sparse Factor Model.
Minimum Probability Flow Learning.
Optimal Distributed Online Prediction.
k-DPPs: Fixed-Size Determinantal Point Processes.
Linear Regression under Fixed-Rank Constraints: A Riemannian Approach.
On optimization methods for deep learning.
Variational Heteroscedastic Gaussian Process Regression.
From PAC-Bayes Bounds to Quadratic Programs for Majority Votes.
Structure Learning in Ergodic Factored MDPs without Knowledge of the Transition Function's In-Degree.
On Autoencoders and Score Matching for Energy Based Models.
Convex Max-Product over Compact Sets for Protein Folding.
Domain Adaptation for Large-Scale Sentiment Classification: A Deep Learning Approach.
Approximate Dynamic Programming for Storage Problems.
Classification-based Policy Iteration with a Critic.
Variational Inference for Policy Search in changing situations.
Learning Output Kernels with Block Coordinate Descent.
Mean-Variance Optimization in Markov Decision Processes.
Online Discovery of Feature Dependencies.
Support Vector Machines as Probabilistic Models.
Efficient Rule Ensemble Learning using Hierarchical Kernels.
Apprenticeship Learning About Multiple Intentions.
Enhanced Gradient and Adaptive Learning Rate for Training Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
Learning from Multiple Outlooks.
A Three-Way Model for Collective Learning on Multi-Relational Data.
Hashing with Graphs.
On the Integration of Topic Modeling and Dictionary Learning.
A Co-training Approach for Multi-view Spectral Clustering.
Learning attentional policies for tracking and recognition in video with deep networks.
Manifold Identification of Dual Averaging Methods for Regularized Stochastic Online Learning.
Multimodal Deep Learning.
Learning Discriminative Fisher Kernels.
Minimal Loss Hashing for Compact Binary Codes.
Unsupervised Models of Images by Spikeand-Slab RBMs.
Surrogate losses and regret bounds for cost-sensitive classification with example-dependent costs.
Learning Mallows Models with Pairwise Preferences.
Inference of Inversion Transduction Grammars.
PILCO: A Model-Based and Data-Efficient Approach to Policy Search.
Bounding the Partition Function using Holder's Inequality.
Doubly Robust Policy Evaluation and Learning.
Multiclass Boosting with Hinge Loss based on Output Coding.
The Infinite Regionalized Policy Representation.
Predicting Legislative Roll Calls from Text.
Estimating the Bayes Point Using Linear Knapsack Problems.
Infinite Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
Mapping kernels for trees.
Vector-valued Manifold Regularization.
Risk-Based Generalizations of f-divergences.
On the Use of Variational Inference for Learning Discrete Graphical Model.
Clustering by Left-Stochastic Matrix Factorization.
Clustering Partially Observed Graphs via Convex Optimization.
Access to Unlabeled Data can Speed up Prediction Time.
Learning Scoring Functions with Order-Preserving Losses and Standardized Supervision.
Clusterpath: an Algorithm for Clustering using Convex Fusion Penalties.
An Augmented Lagrangian Approach to Constrained MAP Inference.
Relational Active Learning for Joint Collective Classification Models.
Beat the Mean Bandit.
Automatic Feature Decomposition for Single View Co-training.
Fast Global Alignment Kernels.
Contractive Auto-Encoders: Explicit Invariance During Feature Extraction.
ABC-EP: Expectation Propagation for Likelihoodfree Bayesian Computation.
Generalized Value Functions for Large Action Sets.
Proceedings of the 28th International Conference on Machine Learning, ICML 2011, Bellevue, Washington, USA, June 28 - July 2, 2011
Sparse Additive Generative Models of Text.
Robust Matrix Completion and Corrupted Columns.
A Spectral Algorithm for Latent Tree Graphical Models.
Conjugate Markov Decision Processes.
A PAC-Bayes Sample-compression Approach to Kernel Methods.
Probabilistic Matrix Addition.
On Bayesian PCA: Automatic Dimensionality Selection and Analytic Solution.
Learning Multi-View Neighborhood Preserving Projections.
Bundle Selling by Online Estimation of Valuation Functions.
Online AUC Maximization.
Learning with Whom to Share in Multi-task Feature Learning.
Large-Scale Learning of Embeddings with Reconstruction Sampling.
Machine Learning, Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Machine Learning, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, June 12-14, 1988
Submodular meets Spectral: Greedy Algorithms for Subset Selection, Sparse Approximation and Dictionary Selection.
Parsing Natural Scenes and Natural Language with Recursive Neural Networks.
Bayesian CCA via Group Sparsity.
Towards Making Unlabeled Data Never Hurt.
Unimodal Bandits.
Eigenvalue Sensitive Feature Selection.
Integrating Partial Model Knowledge in Model Free RL Algorithms.
Generating Text with Recurrent Neural Networks.
Learning Radial Basis Function Networks On-line.
Time Series Clustering: Complex is Simpler!
Approximating Correlated Equilibria using Relaxations on the Marginal Polytope.
Multiclass Classification with Bandit Feedback using Adaptive Regularization.
Adaptively Learning the Crowd Kernel.
On the Robustness of Kernel Density M-Estimators.
Dynamic Tree Block Coordinate Ascent.
Active Learning from Crowds.
Locally Linear Support Vector Machines.
The Constrained Weight Space SVM: Learning with Ranked Features.
Semi-supervised Penalized Output Kernel Regression for Link Prediction.
Noisy matrix decomposition via convex relaxation: Optimal rates in high dimensions.
Approximation Bounds for Inference using Cooperative Cuts.
Finite-Sample Analysis of Lasso-TD.
Machine Learning, Proceedings of the Twelfth International Conference on Machine Learning, Tahoe City, California, USA, July 9-12, 1995
Fast Newton-type Methods for Total Variation Regularization.
Uncovering the Temporal Dynamics of Diffusion Networks.
Size-constrained Submodular Minimization through Minimum Norm Base.
Cauchy Graph Embedding.
Functional Regularized Least Squares Classication with Operator-valued Kernels.
Brier Curves: a New Cost-Based Visualisation of Classifier Performance.
Multiple Instance Learning with Manifold Bags.
Computational Rationalization: The Inverse Equilibrium Problem.
Message Passing Algorithms for the Dirichlet Diffusion Tree.
The Hierarchical Beta Process for Convolutional Factor Analysis and Deep Learning.
Preserving Personalized Pagerank in Subgraphs.
Boosting on a Budget: Sampling for Feature-Efficient Prediction.
Efficient Sparse Modeling with Automatic Feature Grouping.
Max-margin Learning for Lower Linear Envelope Potentials in Binary Markov Random Fields.
Topic Modeling with Nonparametric Markov Tree.
Learning Deep Energy Models.
GoDec: Randomized Lowrank & Sparse Matrix Decomposition in Noisy Case.
A Graphbased Framework for Multi-Task Multi-View Learning.
Stochastic Low-Rank Kernel Learning for Regression.
Simultaneous Learning and Covering with Adversarial Noise.
Adaptive Kernel Approximation for Large-Scale Non-Linear SVM Prediction.
On Random Weights and Unsupervised Feature Learning.
On tracking portfolios with certainty equivalents on a generalization of Markowitz model: the Fool, the Wise and the Adaptive.
OptiML: An Implicitly Parallel Domain-Specific Language for Machine Learning.
Speeding-Up Hoeffding-Based Regression Trees With Options.
Minimax Learning Rates for Bipartite Ranking and Plug-in Rules.
Bipartite Ranking through Minimization of Univariate Loss.
Learning Linear Functions with Quadratic and Linear Multiplicative Updates.
Task Space Retrieval Using Inverse Feedback Control.
Large-Scale Convex Minimization with a Low-Rank Constraint.
Tree preserving embedding.
Implementing regularization implicitly via approximate eigenvector computation.
Dynamic Egocentric Models for Citation Networks.
Online Submodular Minimization for Combinatorial Structures.
A Unified Probabilistic Model for Global and Local Unsupervised Feature Selection.
Infinite SVM: a Dirichlet Process Mixture of Large-margin Kernel Machines.
Proceedings of the Eighth International Workshop (ML91), Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois, USA
Suboptimal Solution Path Algorithm for Support Vector Machine.
Bayesian Learning via Stochastic Gradient Langevin Dynamics.
Piecewise Bounds for Estimating Bernoulli-Logistic Latent Gaussian Models.
Machine Learning, Proceedings of the Tenth International Conference, University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA, USA, June 27-29, 1993
Machine Learning, Proceedings of the Thirteenth International Conference (ICML '96), Bari, Italy, July 3-6, 1996
Pruning nearest neighbor cluster trees.
Variational Inference for Stick-Breaking Beta Process Priors.
A Coherent Interpretation of AUC as a Measure of Aggregated Classification Performance.
On Information-Maximization Clustering: Tuning Parameter Selection and Analytic Solution.
Beam Search based MAP Estimates for the Indian Buffet Process.
Better Algorithms for Selective Sampling.
BCDNPKL: Scalable Non-Parametric Kernel Learning Using Block Coordinate Descent.
Hierarchical Classification via Orthogonal Transfer.
Incremental Basis Construction from Temporal Difference Error.
Proceedings of the 8th National Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Boston, Massachusetts, July 29 - August 3, 1990, 2 Volumes.
Proceedings of the 6th National Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Seattle, WA, July 1987.
Proceedings of the Sixteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Eleventh Conference on Innovative Applications of Artificial Intelligence, July 18-22, 1999, Orlando, Florida, USA.
Proceedings of the 5th National Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Philadelphia, PA, August 11-15, 1986. Volume 1: Science.
Proceedings of the Eighteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Fourteenth Conference on Innovative Applications of Artificial Intelligence, July 28 - August 1, 2002, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
Proceedings of the 10th National Conference on Artificial Intelligence. San Jose, CA, July 12-16, 1992.
Proceedings of the National Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Austin, TX, August 6-10, 1984.
Proceedings of the 5th National Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Philadelphia, PA, August 11-15, 1986. Volume 2: Engineering.
Proceedings of the National Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Pittsburgh, PA, August 18-20, 1982.
Proceedings of the Thirteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Eighth Innovative Applications of Artificial Intelligence Conference, AAAI 96, IAAI 96, Portland, Oregon, August 4-8, 1996, Volume 2.
Proceedings of the Fifteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Tenth Innovative Applications of Artificial Intelligence Conference, AAAI 98, IAAI 98, July 26-30, 1998, Madison, Wisconsin, USA.
Proceedings of the 7th National Conference on Artificial Intelligence. St. Paul, MN, August 21-26, 1988.
Proceedings of the 12th National Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Seattle, WA, USA, July 31 - August 4, 1994, Volume 1.
Proceedings of the 1st Annual National Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Stanford University, August 18-21, 1980.
Proceedings of the Fourteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Ninth Innovative Applications of Artificial Intelligence Conference, AAAI 97, IAAI 97, July 27-31, 1997, Providence, Rhode Island.
Proceedings of the Thirteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Eighth Innovative Applications of Artificial Intelligence Conference, AAAI 96, IAAI 96, Portland, Oregon, August 4-8, 1996, Volume 1.
Proceedings of the National Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Washington, D.C., August 22-26, 1983.
Proceedings of the 9th National Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Anaheim, CA, USA, July 14-19, 1991, Volume 1.
Proceedings of the 9th National Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Anaheim, CA, USA, July 14-19, 1991, Volume 2.
Proceedings of the 12th National Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Seattle, WA, USA, July 31 - August 4, 1994, Volume 2.
Proceedings of the 11th National Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Washington, DC, USA, July 11-15, 1993.
Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012
Collaborative ranking.
Machine learning for query-document matching in search.
Tapping into knowledge base for concept feedback: leveraging conceptnet to improve search results for difficult queries.
Learning to rank with multi-aspect relevance for vertical search.
Of hammers and nails: an empirical comparison of three paradigms for processing large graphs.
Auralist: introducing serendipity into music recommendation.
Harmony and dissonance: organizing the people's voices on political controversies.
WSCD 2012: workshop on web search click data 2012.
Fast top-k retrieval for model based recommendation.
Spatially-aware indexing for image object retrieval.
Optimized top-k processing with global page scores on block-max indexes.
Sponsored search auctions with conflict constraints.
Effective query formulation with multiple information sources.
Evaluating search in personal social media collections.
Pairwise cross-domain factor model for heterogeneous transfer ranking.
Overlapping clusters for distributed computation.
Inferring social ties across heterogenous networks.
Collaborative information seeking: understanding users, systems, and content.
Selecting actions for resource-bounded information extraction using reinforcement learning.
Efficient misbehaving user detection in online video chat services.
Scalable inference in latent variable models.
Understanding cyclic trends in social choices.
Large-scale analysis of individual and task differences in search result page examination strategies.
How user behavior is related to social affinity.
Nowcasting the macroeconomy with search engine data.
Comment spam detection by sequence mining.
"I loan because...": understanding motivations for pro-social lending.
Fair and balanced: learning to present news stories.
Characterizing web content, user interests, and search behavior by reading level and topic.
Finding the right consumer: optimizing for conversion in display advertising campaigns.
To each his own: personalized content selection based on text comprehensibility.
Object matching in tweets with spatial models.
Topical clustering of search results.
The early bird gets the buzz: detecting anomalies and emerging trends in information networks.
Extracting search-focused key n-grams for relevance ranking in web search.
How to win friends and influence people, truthfully: influence maximization mechanisms for social networks.
Correlating financial time series with micro-blogging activity.
A large-scale sentiment analysis for Yahoo! answers.
A noise-aware click model for web search.
Maximizing product adoption in social networks.
The secret life of social links.
Relational click prediction for sponsored search.
Computational advertising: leveraging user interaction & contextual factors for improved ad relevance & targeting.
Domain bias in web search.
Mining contrastive opinions on political texts using cross-perspective topic model.
Tips, dones and todos: uncovering user profiles in foursquare.
Online selection of diverse results.
Personalized click model through collaborative filtering.
IR system evaluation using nugget-based test collections.
2nd international workshop on diversity in document retrieval (DDR 2012).
Exploration and discovery of user-generated content in large information spaces.
What's in a hashtag?: content based prediction of the spread of ideas in microblogging communities.
Exploring social influence via posterior effect of word-of-mouth recommendations.
Adding semantics to microblog posts.
Probabilistic models for personalizing web search.
Mining, searching and exploiting collaboratively generated content on the web.
Finding your friends and following them to where you are.
Sequence clustering and labeling for unsupervised query intent discovery.
When will it happen?: relationship prediction in heterogeneous information networks.
Characterizing and harnessing peer-production of information in social tagging systems.
Daily deals: prediction, social diffusion, and reputational ramifications.
Language models for keyword search over data graphs.
Learning recommender systems with adaptive regularization.
WebSets: extracting sets of entities from the web using unsupervised information extraction.
Overcoming browser cookie churn with clustering.
Learning evolving and emerging topics in social media: a dynamic nmf approach with temporal regularization.
Effects of user similarity in social media.
Find me opinion sources in blogosphere: a unified framework for opinionated blog feed retrieval.
No search result left behind: branching behavior with browser tabs.
Answers, not links: extracting tips from yahoo! answers to address how-to web queries.
Mining slang and urban opinion words and phrases from cQA services: an optimization approach.
Beyond co-occurrence: discovering and visualizing tag relationships from geo-spatial and temporal similarities.
Identifying content for planned events across social media sites.
A straw shows which way the wind blows: ranking potentially popular items from early votes.
From chatter to headlines: harnessing the real-time web for personalized news recommendation.
On clustering heterogeneous social media objects with outlier links.
Beyond 100 million entities: large-scale blocking-based resolution for heterogeneous data.
Multi-relational matrix factorization using bayesian personalized ranking for social network data.
Coupled temporal scoping of relational facts.
Incorporating revisiting behaviors into click models.
Post-click conversion modeling and analysis for non-guaranteed delivery display advertising.
Beyond ten blue links: enabling user click modeling in federated web search.
Query suggestion by constructing term-transition graphs.
The life and death of online groups: predicting group growth and longevity.
ETF: extended tensor factorization model for personalizing prediction of review helpfulness.
mTrust: discerning multi-faceted trust in a connected world.
Refining causality: who copied from whom?
Response prediction using collaborative filtering with hierarchies and side-information.
Experiences with mining temporal event sequences from electronic medical records: initial successes and some challenges.
Temporal multi-hierarchy smoothing for estimating rates of rare events.
Unbiased online active learning in data streams.
Multiple domain user personalization.
Dual active feature and sample selection for graph classification.
A taxi business intelligence system.
Revisiting sequential pattern hiding to enhance utility.
User-level sentiment analysis incorporating social networks.
MIME: a framework for interactive visual pattern mining.
Protecting location privacy using location semantics.
Common component analysis for multiple covariance matrices.
Privacy-preserving social network publication against friendship attacks.
Conditional topical coding: an efficient topic model conditioned on rich features.
NIMBLE: a toolkit for the implementation of parallel data mining and machine learning algorithms on mapreduce.
Active learning for node classification in assortative and disassortative networks.
Democrats, republicans and starbucks afficionados: user classification in twitter.
Exploiting place features in link prediction on location-based social networks.
Serendipitous learning: learning beyond the predefined label space.
Mining mobility data to minimise travellers' spending on public transport.
Operational security analytics: doing more with less.
Understanding atrophy trajectories in alzheimer's disease using association rules on MRI images.
LikeMiner: a system for mining the power of 'like' in social media networks.
Selecting a comprehensive set of reviews.
Real-time risk control system for CNP (card not present).
Trading representability for scalability: adaptive multi-hyperplane machine for nonlinear classification.
Integrating low-rank and group-sparse structures for robust multi-task learning.
Cost-aware travel tour recommendation.
Anomaly localization for network data streams with graph joint sparse PCA.
Thriving as a data miner in the real world.
Display advertising impact: search lift and social influence.
Spatially regularized logistic regression for disease mapping on large moving populations.
Ameliorating buyer's remorse.
Large-scale matrix factorization with distributed stochastic gradient descent.
Sparsification of influence networks.
Diversity in ranking via resistive graph centers.
Active learning using on-line algorithms.
Apolo: interactive large graph sensemaking by combining machine learning and visualization.
INCONCO: interpretable clustering of numerical and categorical objects.
Latent aspect rating analysis without aspect keyword supervision.
Detecting bots via incremental LS-SVM learning with dynamic feature adaptation.
Online heterogeneous mixture modeling with marginal and copula selection.
On the privacy of anonymized networks.
Bid landscape forecasting in online ad exchange marketplace.
Multi-view transfer learning with a large margin approach.
Web information extraction using markov logic networks.
Topic-level social network search.
Fast approximate similarity search based on degree-reduced neighborhood graphs.
Rank aggregation via nuclear norm minimization.
An improved GLMNET for l1-regularized logistic regression.
SIGKDD demo: sensors and software to allow computational entomology, an emerging application of data mining.
Model order selection for boolean matrix factorization.
Diversified ranking on large graphs: an optimization viewpoint.
On the semantic annotation of places in location-based social networks.
Bounded coordinate-descent for biological sequence classification in high dimensional predictor space.
Partially labeled topic models for interpretable text mining.
Discovering shakers from evolving entities via cascading graph inference.
It's who you know: graph mining using recursive structural features.
User-click modeling for understanding and predicting search-behavior.
Tell me what i need to know: succinctly summarizing data with itemsets.
From bias to opinion: a transfer-learning approach to real-time sentiment analysis.
CHIRP: a new classifier based on composite hypercubes on iterated random projections.
Combining file content and file relations for cloud based malware detection.
Leakage in data mining: formulation, detection, and avoidance.
Content-driven trust propagation framework.
Tracking trends: incorporating term volume into temporal topic models.
Mining mobility user profiles for car pooling.
Fast coordinate descent methods with variable selection for non-negative matrix factorization.
Enabling fast prediction for ensemble models on data streams.
Beyond keyword search: discovering relevant scientific literature.
Multi-source domain adaptation and its application to early detection of fatigue.
Scalable kNN search on vertically stored time series.
Improving predictions using aggregate information.
High-precision phrase-based document classification on a modern scale.
Ranking-based classification of heterogeneous information networks.
Predictive client-side profiles for personalized advertising.
Applying data mining techniques to address disaster information management challenges on mobile devices.
User reputation in a comment rating environment.
2D-interval predictions for time series.
Proceedings of the 17th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, San Diego, CA, USA, August 21-24, 2011
Article clipper: a system for web article extraction.
A simple statistical model and association rule filtering for classification.
Frontex real-time news event extraction framework.
A time-dependent topic model for multiple text streams.
An effective evaluation measure for clustering on evolving data streams.
Detecting adversarial advertisements in the wild.
Video analytics solution for tracking customer locations in retail shopping malls.
Benefits of bias: towards better characterization of network sampling.
Scalable distributed inference of dynamic user interests for behavioral targeting.
Knowledge discovery and data mining in pharmaceutical cancer research.
On dynamic data-driven selection of sensor streams.
Driving with knowledge from the physical world.
A pattern discovery approach to retail fraud detection.
A game theoretic framework for heterogenous information network clustering.
Localized factor models for multi-context recommendation.
Classification of proxy labeled examples for marketing segment generation.
Mining frequent closed graphs on evolving data streams.
Entity disambiguation with hierarchical topic models.
Stackelberg games for adversarial prediction problems.
Convex optimization: from embedded real-time to large-scale distributed.
Human mobility, social ties, and link prediction.
Real-time bidding algorithms for performance-based display ad allocation.
Brain effective connectivity modeling for alzheimer's disease by sparse gaussian bayesian network.
Activity analysis based on low sample rate smart meters.
Internet scale data analysis.
Incorporating SAT solvers into hierarchical clustering algorithms: an efficient and flexible approach.
ThermoCast: a cyber-physical forecasting model for datacenters.
Mining partially annotated images.
The power of analysis and data.
Leveraging collaborative tagging for web item design.
A GPU-tailored approach for training kernelized SVMs.
Algorithms for speeding up distance-based outlier detection.
GBASE: a scalable and general graph management system.
Learning to trade off between exploration and exploitation in multiclass bandit prediction.
Classification of functional magnetic resonance imaging data using informative pattern features.
An information theoretic framework for data mining.
Triangle listing in massive networks and its applications.
Exploiting vulnerability to secure user privacy on a social networking site.
The practitioner's viewpoint to data mining: key lessons learned in the trenches and case studies.
Unsupervised clustering of multidimensional distributions using earth mover distance.
Clustering very large multi-dimensional datasets with MapReduce.
Ask me better questions: active learning queries based on rule induction.
Click shaping to optimize multiple objectives.
A case study in a recommender system based on purchase data.
Ontology enhancement and concept granularity learning: keeping yourself current and adaptive.
Online active inference and learning.
Discovering highly reliable subgraphs in uncertain graphs.
Supervised learning for provenance-similarity of binaries.
Selective block minimization for faster convergence of limited memory large-scale linear models.
Semi-supervised ranking on very large graphs with rich metadata.
An iterated graph laplacian approach for ranking on manifolds.
Collective graph identification.
Cancer genomics.
Toward personalized care management of patients at risk: the diabetes case study.
Accelerating large-scale data mining using in-database analytics.
Mining closed episodes with simultaneous events.
Axiomatic ranking of network role similarity.
Friendship and mobility: user movement in location-based social networks.
Smoothing techniques for adaptive online language models: topic tracking in tweet streams.
Applications of data mining and machine learning in online customer care.
Fast clustering using MapReduce.
The mathematics of causal inference.
Collaborative topic modeling for recommending scientific articles.
From market baskets to mole rats: using data mining techniques to analyze RFID data describing laboratory animal behavior.
Discovering spatio-temporal causal interactions in traffic data streams.
A multi-task learning formulation for predicting disease progression.
Social flocks: a crowd simulation framework for social network generation, community detection, and collective behavior modeling.
Data intensive analysis on the gordon high performance data and compute system.
Broad scale predictive modeling and marketing optimization in retail sales.
Probabilistic topic models with biased propagation on heterogeneous information networks.
Fast locality-sensitive hashing.
Linear scale semantic mining algorithms in microsoft SQL server's semantic platform.
"Which half Is wasted?": controlled experiments to measure online-advertising effectiveness.
Personal privacy vs population privacy: learning to attack anonymization.
Latent graphical models for quantifying and predicting patent quality.
Estimating the number of users behind ip addresses for combating abusive traffic.
Sampling hidden objects using nearest-neighbor oracles.
Approximate kernel k-means: solution to large scale kernel clustering.
Enhancing investment decisions in P2P lending: an investor composition perspective.
Clustering with relative constraints.
Compression of weighted graphs.
Direct local pattern sampling by efficient two-step random procedures.
Differentially private data release for data mining.
Logical-shapelets: an expressive primitive for time series classification.
Meta optimization and its application to portfolio selection.
Latent topic feedback for information retrieval.
Automatically tagging email by leveraging other users' folders.
k-NN as an implementation of situation testing for discrimination discovery and prevention.
Towards bounding sequential patterns.
Prominent streak discovery in sequence data.
Density estimation trees.
MultiRank: co-ranking for objects and relations in multi-relational data.
I want to answer; who has a question?: Yahoo! answers recommender system.
Interactive learning for efficiently detecting errors in insurance claims.
Data-driven multi-touch attribution models.
Matching unstructured product offers to structured product specifications.
Two-locus association mapping in subquadratic time.
Scalable Mining of Frequent Tri-concepts from Folksonomies.
CD: A Coupled Discretization Algorithm.
Feature Enriched Nonparametric Bayesian Co-clustering.
An Associative Classifier for Uncertain Datasets.
Privacy-Preserving EM Algorithm for Clustering on Social Network.
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining - 16th Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD 2012, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, May 29 - June 1, 2012, Proceedings, Part II
A Double-Ensemble Approach for Classifying Skewed Data Streams.
Active Learning with c-Certainty.
Towards Identity Disclosure Control in Private Hypergraph Publishing.
A Semi-supervised Incremental Clustering Algorithm for Streaming Data.
OMC-IDS: At the Cross-Roads of OLAP Mining and Intrusion Detection.
Diversity Analysis on Boosting Nominal Concepts.
New Exact Concise Representation of Rare Correlated Patterns: Application to Intrusion Detection.
Life Activity Modeling of News Event on Twitter Using Energy Function.
Hybrid-ε-greedy for Mobile Context-Aware Recommender System.
Feature Weighting by RELIEF Based on Local Hyperplane Approximation.
Towards More Efficient Multi-label Classification Using Dependent and Independent Dual Space Reduction.
Automatic Identification of Protagonist in Fairy Tales Using Verb.
Generating Balanced Classifier-Independent Training Samples from Unlabeled Data.
Selecting Feature Subset via Constraint Association Rules.
Active Learning for Cross Language Text Categorization.
SRF: A Framework for the Study of Classifier Behavior under Training Set Mislabeling Noise.
Spread of Information in a Social Network Using Influential Nodes.
Domain Transfer Dimensionality Reduction via Discriminant Kernel Learning.
Finding Collections of k-Clique Percolated Components in Attributed Graphs.
Prioritizing Disease Genes by Bi-Random Walk.
Evasion Attack of Multi-class Linear Classifiers.
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining - 16th Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD 2012, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, May 29-June 1, 2012, Proceedings, Part I
Named Entity Recognition and Identification for Finding the Owner of a Home Page.
Learning to Diversify Expert Finding with Subtopics.
EWNI: Efficient Anonymization of Vulnerable Individuals in Social Networks.
A Vertex Similarity Probability Model for Finding Network Community Structure.
Techniques for Efficient Learning without Search.
Co-embedding of Structurally Missing Data by Locally Linear Alignment.
Time-Evolving Relational Classification and Ensemble Methods.
Towards Linear Time Overlapping Community Detection in Social Networks.
A Term Association Translation Model for Naive Bayes Text Classification.
Shape-Based Clustering for Time Series Data.
Scalable Random Forests for Massive Data.
Active Learning for Hierarchical Text Classification.
Reciprocal and Heterogeneous Link Prediction in Social Networks.
Heterogeneous Ensemble for Feature Drifts in Data Streams.
TeamSkill Evolved: Mixed Classification Schemes for Team-Based Multi-player Games.
Foundation of Mining Class-Imbalanced Data.
Unsupervised Multi-label Text Classification Using a World Knowledge Ontology.
A Pruning-Based Approach for Searching Precise and Generalized Region for Synthetic Minority Over-Sampling.
A Novel Weighted Ensemble Technique for Time Series Forecasting.
RadialViz: An Orientation-Free Frequent Pattern Visualizer.
Building Decision Trees for the Multi-class Imbalance Problem.
Hierarchical Graph Summarization: Leveraging Hybrid Information through Visible and Invisible Linkage.
Instant Social Graph Search.
Learning Tree Structure of Label Dependency for Multi-label Learning.
Unsupervised Ensemble Learning for Mining Top-n Outliers.
Nyström Approximate Model Selection for LSSVM.
Accelerating Outlier Detection with Uncertain Data Using Graphics Processors.
Visualizing Clusters in Parallel Coordinates for Visual Knowledge Discovery.
Detecting Multiple Stochastic Network Motifs in Network Data.
An Aggressive Margin-Based Algorithm for Incremental Learning.
SHARD: A Framework for Sequential, Hierarchical Anomaly Ranking and Detection.
Topological Comparisons of Proximity Measures.
The Pattern Next Door: Towards Spatio-sequential Pattern Discovery.
Sequential Entity Group Topic Model for Getting Topic Flows of Entity Groups within One Document.
Clustering-Based k-Anonymity.
Discovering Coverage Patterns for Banner Advertisement Placement.
Relevant Feature Selection from EEG Signal for Mental Task Classification.
Neighborhood Random Classification.
Peer Matrix Alignment: A New Algorithm.
Mining Mobile Users' Activities Based on Search Query Text and Context.
Quantifying Reciprocity in Large Weighted Communication Networks.
Two-View Online Learning.
Towards Personalized Context-Aware Recommendation by Mining Context Logs through Topic Models.
Unsupervised Sparse Matrix Co-clustering for Marketing and Sales Intelligence.
Semantic Social Network Analysis with Text Corpora.
Extreme Value Prediction for Zero-Inflated Data.
Exploiting Label Dependency for Hierarchical Multi-label Classification.
Clustering and Understanding Documents via Discrimination Information Maximization.
Incremental Set Recommendation Based on Class Differences.
Multiple Instance Learning for Group Record Linkage.
Scalable Similarity Matching in Streaming Time Series.
Mining of Temporal Coherent Subspace Clusters in Multivariate Time Series Databases.
Hybrid Random Forests: Advantages of Mixed Trees in Classifying Text Data.
WeightTransmitter: Weighted Association Rule Mining Using Landmark Weights.
Co-occurring Cluster Mining for Damage Patterns Analysis of a Fuel Cell.
Quad-tuple PLSA: Incorporating Entity and Its Rating in Aspect Identification.
Neighborhood-Based Smoothing of External Cluster Validity Measures.
Discovering Unknown But Interesting Items on Personal Social Network.
Expectation-Maximization Collaborative Filtering with Explicit and Implicit Feedback.
A Generic Classifier-Ensemble Approach for Biomedical Named Entity Recognition.
ZenCrowd: leveraging probabilistic reasoning and crowdsourcing techniques for large-scale entity linking.
Proceedings of the 21st World Wide Web Conference 2012, WWW 2012, Lyon, France, April 16-20, 2012
Bimodal invitation-navigation fair bets model for authority identification in a social network.
Economics of BitTorrent communities.
Online team formation in social networks.
Unsupervised extraction of template structure in web search queries.
Analyzing spammers' social networks for fun and profit: a case study of cyber criminal ecosystem on twitter.
Spotting fake reviewer groups in consumer reviews.
Branded with a scarlet "C": cheaters in a gaming social network.
On the analysis of cascading style sheets.
Structured query suggestion for specialization and parallel movement: effect on search behaviors.
A habit mining approach for discovering similar mobile users.
Modeling and predicting behavioral dynamics on the web.
Investigating the distribution of password choices.
Joint relevance and freshness learning from clickthroughs for news search.
Risk-aware revenue maximization in display advertising.
Musubi: disintermediated interactive social feeds for mobile devices.
Compressed data structures for annotated web search.
Extracting client-side web application code.
Surviving a search engine overload.
A dual-mode user interface for accessing 3D content on the world wide web.
Implementing optimal outcomes in social computing: a game-theoretic approach.
Towards robust service compositions in the context of functionally diverse services.
Dynamical classes of collective attention in twitter.
Trains of thought: generating information maps.
Is this app safe?: a large scale study on application permissions and risk signals.
A unified approach to learning task-specific bit vector representations for fast nearest neighbor search.
Partitioned multi-indexing: bringing order to social search.
Beyond dwell time: estimating document relevance from cursor movements and other post-click searcher behavior.
How far can client-only solutions go for mobile browser speed?
Optimizing budget allocation among channels and influencers.
Using content and interactions for discovering communities in social networks.
Using control theory for stable and efficient recommender systems.
Actions speak as loud as words: predicting relationships from social behavior data.
Mining photo-sharing websites to study ecological phenomena.
Collective context-aware topic models for entity disambiguation.
OPAL: automated form understanding for the deep web.
DOHA: scalable real-time web applications through adaptive concurrent execution.
CloudGenius: decision support for web server cloud migration.
Handling forecast errors while bidding for display advertising.
Serf and turf: crowdturfing for fun and profit.
Community detection in incomplete information networks.
Understanding task-driven information flow in collaborative networks.
Towards network-aware service composition in the cloud.
An exploration of improving collaborative recommender systems via user-item subgroups.
A flexible generative model for preference aggregation.
Counting beyond a Yottabyte, or how SPARQL 1.1 property paths will prevent adoption of the standard.
Active objects: actions for entity-centric search.
Discovering geographical topics in the twitter stream.
Mr. LDA: a flexible large scale topic modeling package using variational inference in MapReduce.
Winner takes all: competing viruses or ideas on fair-play networks.
Care to comment?: recommendations for commenting on news stories.
Echoes of power: language effects and power differences in social interaction.
Leveraging user comments for aesthetic aware image search reranking.
Evaluation with informational and navigational intents.
Targeted disambiguation of ad-hoc, homogeneous sets of named entities.
Exploiting single-user web applications for shared editing: a generic transformation approach.
Understanding and combating link farming in the twitter social network.
Heterogeneous web data search using relevance-based on the fly data integration.
Evaluating the effectiveness of search task trails.
The SemSets model for ad-hoc semantic list search.
Crowdsourcing with endogenous entry.
Distributed graph pattern matching.
Estimating the prevalence of deception in online review communities.
TailGate: handling long-tail content with a little help from friends.
Max algorithms in crowdsourcing environments.
Lightweight automatic face annotation in media pages.
Human wayfinding in information networks.
Learning from the past: answering new questions with past answers.
Framework and algorithms for network bucket testing.
Semi-supervised correction of biased comment ratings.
Targeting converters for new campaigns through factor models.
Are web users really Markovian?
Recommendations to boost content spread in social networks.
QUBE: a quick algorithm for updating betweenness centrality.
YouTube around the world: geographic popularity of videos.
Lattice games and the economics of aggregators.
Build your own music recommender by modeling internet radio streams.
Periodic transfers in mobile applications: network-wide origin, impact, and optimization.
New objective functions for social collaborative filtering.
Declarative platform for data sourcing games.
Vertex collocation profiles: subgraph counting for link analysis and prediction.
Information transfer in social media.
Semantic navigation on the web of data: specification of routes, web fragments and actions.
Practical end-to-end web content integrity.
"It's simply integral to what I do": enquiries into how the web is weaved into everyday life.
We know what @you #tag: does the dual role affect hashtag adoption?
Online modeling of proactive moderation system for auction fraud detection.
Answering search queries with CrowdSearcher.
Factorizing YAGO: scalable machine learning for linked data.
How effective is targeted advertising?
Template-based question answering over RDF data.
Micropinion generation: an unsupervised approach to generating ultra-concise summaries of opinions.
SAFE extensibility of data-driven web applications.
Information integration over time in unreliable and uncertain environments.
Learning causality for news events prediction.
The role of social networks in information diffusion.
On revenue in the generalized second price auction.
On directly mapping relational databases to RDF and OWL.
LINDEN: linking named entities with knowledge base via semantic knowledge.
Cross-lingual knowledge linking across wiki knowledge bases.
Understanding web images by object relation network.
Strategic formation of credit networks.
Document hierarchies from text and links.
SessionJuggler: secure web login from an untrusted terminal using session hijacking.
Your two weeks of fame and your grandmother's.
Multi-objective ranking of comments on web.
Who killed my battery?: analyzing mobile browser energy consumption.
VAST-Tree: a vector-advanced and compressed structure for massive data tree traversal.
15th International Conference on Extending Database Technology, EDBT '12, Berlin, Germany, March 27-30, 2012, Proceedings
Similarity in (spatial, temporal and) spatio-temporal datasets.
Repair-oriented relational schemas for multidimensional databases.
An adaptive algorithm for online time series segmentation with error bound guarantee.
Top-k spatial keyword queries on road networks.
Effectively indexing the multi-dimensional uncertain objects for range searching.
Aggregate queries on probabilistic record linkages.
The mainframe strikes back: elastic multi-tenancy using main memory database systems on a many-core server.
Peak power plays in database engines.
Efficient parallel kNN joins for large data in MapReduce.
Fault-tolerant complex event processing using customizable state machine-based operators.
Knowing: a generic data analysis application.
SFA: a symbolic fourier approximation and index for similarity search in high dimensional datasets.
An optimization framework for map-reduce queries.
SOS (save our systems): a uniform programming interface for non-relational systems.
Adaptive indexing in modern database kernels.
: a compact randomized similarity index for set-valued features.
A generic data model and query language for spatiotemporal OLAP cube analysis.
Subscription indexes for web syndication systems.
Knowledge-based processing of complex stock market events.
ColisTrack: testbed for a pervasive environment management system.
Indexing and mining topological patterns for drug discovery.
Towards "intelligent compression" in streams: a biased reservoir sampling based Bloom filter approach.
Evaluating hybrid queries through service coordination in HYPATIA.
Searching by corpus with fingerprints.
Finding maximal k-edge-connected subgraphs from a large graph.
User oriented trajectory search for trip recommendation.
Integrating historical noisy answers for improving data utility under differential privacy.
SIMP: accurate and efficient near neighbor search in high dimensional spaces.
Finding top-k similar graphs in graph databases.
Dynamic diversification of continuous data.
"Cut me some slack": latency-aware live migration for databases.
Inside "Big Data management": ogres, onions, or parfaits?
Heuristics-based query optimisation for SPARQL.
Introducing MapLan to map banking survey data into a time series database.
Differentially private search log sanitization with optimal output utility.
RecStore: an extensible and adaptive framework for online recommender queries inside the database engine.
Clydesdale: structured data processing on MapReduce.
On optimizing relational self-joins.
Distributed skyline processing: a trend in database research still going strong.
Efficient distributed query processing for autonomous RDF databases.
Shortest-path queries for complex networks: exploiting low tree-width outside the core.
Mining probabilistically frequent sequential patterns in uncertain databases.
QUASAR: querying annotation, structure, and reasoning.
Tailoring entity resolution for matching product offers.
I/O cost minimization: reachability queries processing over massive graphs.
Extending a general-purpose streaming system for XML.
Skyline-sensitive joins with LR-pruning.
Relevance search in heterogeneous networks.
See what's enBlogue: real-time emergent topic identification in social media.
PeerTrack: a platform for tracking and tracing objects in large-scale traceability networks.
Realtime healthcare services via nested complex event processing technology.
Data management with SAPs in-memory computing engine.
Limiting link disclosure in social network analysis through subgraph-wise perturbation.
Efficient approximation of the maximal preference scores by lightweight cubic views.
Intention insider: discovering people's intentions in the social channel.
SPARQL-RW: transparent query access over mapped RDF data sources.
A probabilistic convex hull query tool.
Transitive closure and recursive Datalog implemented on clusters.
A desktop interface over distributed document repositories.
Distributed data management for large-scale wireless sensor networks simulations.
Towards an ecosystem of structured data on the web.
Mining search behavior and user-generated content: presentation at the industrial session - EDBT/ICDT 2012.
Adaptive MapReduce using situation-aware mappers.
Private-HERMES: a benchmark framework for privacy-preserving mobility data querying and mining methods.
Optimizing index deployment order for evolving OLAP.
Distance histogram computation based on spatiotemporal uniformity in scientific data.
Towards principled design support for scalable OLTP workloads.
Supporting top-K item exchange recommendations in large online communities.
Top-k interesting phrase mining in ad-hoc collections using sequence pattern indexing.
Transactional stream processing.
Automatic web-scale information extraction.
Clydesdale: structured data processing on hadoop.
Proceedings of the ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data, SIGMOD 2012, Scottsdale, AZ, USA, May 20-24, 2012
OPAvion: mining and visualization in large graphs.
Taagle: efficient, personalized search in collaborative tagging networks.
So who won?: dynamic max discovery with the crowd.
Parallel main-memory indexing for moving-object query and update workloads.
Top-k bounded diversification.
MCJoin: a memory-constrained join for column-store main-memory databases.
Efficient transaction processing in SAP HANA database: the end of a column store myth.
Calvin: fast distributed transactions for partitioned database systems.
Skimmer: rapid scrolling of relational query results.
From x100 to vectorwise: opportunities, challenges and things most researchers do not think about.
ReStore: reusing results of MapReduce jobs in pig.
Walnut: a unified cloud object store.
Analytic database technologies for a new kind of user: the data enthusiast.
DP-tree: indexing multi-dimensional data under differential privacy (abstract only).
PAnG: finding patterns in annotation graphs.
TAO: how facebook serves the social graph.
Towards scalable summarization and visualization of large text corpora (abstract only).
Managing large dynamic graphs efficiently.
Can we beat the prefix filtering?: an adaptive framework for similarity join and search.
Effective caching of shortest paths for location-based services.
Managing and mining large graphs: systems and implementations.
High-performance complex event processing over XML streams.
Dynamic workload driven data integration in tableau.
Towards effective partition management for large graphs.
Exploiting MapReduce-based similarity joins.
TIRAMOLA: elastic nosql provisioning through a cloud management platform.
Skeleton automata for FPGAs: reconfiguring without reconstructing.
MAQSA: a system for social analytics on news.
Tiresias: the database oracle for how-to queries.
Just-in-time information extraction using extraction views.
Towards a unified architecture for in-RDBMS analytics.
Online windowed subsequence matching over probabilistic sequences.
SCARAB: scaling reachability computation on large graphs.
Finding related tables.
Designing a scalable crowdsourcing platform.
Optimizing index for taxonomy keyword search.
Partiqle: an elastic SQL engine over key-value stores.
ConsAD: a real-time consistency anomalies detector.
Probase: a probabilistic taxonomy for text understanding.
SOFIA SEARCH: a tool for automating related-work search.
The value of social media data in enterprise applications.
Divergent physical design tuning for replicated databases.
Kaizen: a semi-automatic index advisor.
Reducing cache misses in hash join probing phase by pre-sorting strategy (abstract only).
JustMyFriends: full SQL, full transactional amenities, and access privacy.
Adaptive optimizations of recursive queries in teradata.
λóyoς: a system for translating queries into narratives.
SigSpot: mining significant anomalous regions from time-evolving networks (abstract only).
MaskIt: privately releasing user context streams for personalized mobile applications.
Temporal alignment.
Fast sampling word correlations of high dimensional text data (abstract only).
CloudAlloc: a monitoring and reservation system for compute clusters.
A highway-centric labeling approach for answering distance queries on large sparse graphs.
Interactive regret minimization.
RACE: real-time applications over cloud-edge.
Recurring job optimization in scope.
Computational reproducibility: state-of-the-art, challenges, and database research opportunities.
Mob data sourcing.
GUPT: privacy preserving data analysis made easy.
bLSM: a general purpose log structured merge tree.
Authenticating location-based services without compromising location privacy.
TreeSpan: efficiently computing similarity all-matching.
VizDeck: self-organizing dashboards for visual analytics.
Large-scale machine learning at twitter.
Optimizing analytic data flows for multiple execution engines.
Declarative error management for robust data-intensive applications.
Sindbad: a location-based social networking system.
NoDB: efficient query execution on raw data files.
Prediction-based geometric monitoring over distributed data streams.
Processing a large number of continuous preference top- queries.
Efficient spatial sampling of large geographical tables.
Holistic optimization by prefetching query results.
Amazon dynamoDB: a seamlessly scalable non-relational database service.
Surfacing time-critical insights from social media.
Dynamic optimization of generalized SQL queries with horizontal aggregations.
InfoGather: entity augmentation and attribute discovery by holistic matching with web tables.
Symbiosis in scale out networking and data management.
Query preserving graph compression.
Temporal provenance discovery in micro-blog message streams (abstract only).
VRRC: web based tool for visualization and recommendation on co-authorship network (abstract only).
GLADE: big data analytics made easy.
Differential privacy in data publication and analysis.
SkewTune: mitigating skew in mapreduce applications.
Sample-driven schema mapping.
CrowdScreen: algorithms for filtering data with humans.
Aggregate suppression for enterprise search engines.
Efficient processing of distance queries in large graphs: a vertex cover approach.
F1: the fault-tolerant distributed RDBMS supporting google's ad business.
Anatomy of a gift recommendation engine powered by social media.
ColumbuScout: towards building local search engines over large databases.
Materialized view selection for XQuery workloads.
Optimal top-k generation of attribute combinations based on ranked lists.
Local structure and determinism in probabilistic databases.
Skew-aware automatic database partitioning in shared-nothing, parallel OLTP systems.
Database techniques for linked data management.
Tiresias: a demonstration of how-to queries.
Interactive performance monitoring of a composite OLTP and OLAP workload.
Declarative web application development: encapsulating dynamic JavaScript widgets (abstract only).
Advanced partitioning techniques for massively distributed computation.
Managing and mining large graphs: patterns and algorithms.
Oracle in-database hadoop: when mapreduce meets RDBMS.
PrefDB: bringing preferences closer to the DBMS.
Locality-sensitive hashing scheme based on dynamic collision counting.
AstroShelf: understanding the universe through scalable navigation of a galaxy of annotations.
CloudRAMSort: fast and efficient large-scale distributed RAM sort on shared-nothing cluster.
A model-based approach to attributed graph clustering.
Shark: fast data analysis using coarse-grained distributed memory.
Query optimization in microsoft SQL server PDW.
Auto-completion learning for XML.
Efficient external-memory bisimulation on DAGs.
Incremental Focus of Attention for Robust Visual Tracking.
Semi-automatic Document Classification: Exploiting Document Difficulty.
Advances in Information Retrieval - 34th European Conference on IR Research, ECIR 2012, Barcelona, Spain, April 1-5, 2012. Proceedings
A Framework for Unsupervised Spam Detection in Social Networking Sites.
Studying a Personality Coreference Network in a News Stories Photo Collection.
Cluster Labeling for Multilingual Scatter/Gather Using Comparable Corpora.
A General Framework for People Retrieval in Social Media with Multiple Roles.
A Mailbox Search Engine Using Query Multi-modal Expansion and Community-Based Smoothing.
Assessing and Predicting Vertical Intent for Web Queries.
Automatic Foldering of Email Messages: A Combination Approach.
Applying Power Graph Analysis to Weighted Graphs.
Axiomatic Analysis of Translation Language Model for Information Retrieval.
Learning Adaptive Domain Models from Click Data to Bootstrap Interactive Web Search.
A Field Relevance Model for Structured Document Retrieval.
Relation Based Term Weighting Regularization.
In Praise of Laziness: A Lazy Strategy for Web Information Extraction.
Predicting the Future Impact of News Events.
Intra-query Concurrent Pipelined Processing for Distributed Full-Text Retrieval.
Result Disambiguation in Web People Search.
Exploring Query Patterns in Email Search.
A Latent Variable Ranking Model for Content-Based Retrieval.
An Information-Based Cross-Language Information Retrieval Model.
Integrating Interactive Visualizations in the Search Process of Digital Libraries and IR Systems.
Retro: Time-Based Exploration of Product Reviews.
Interactive Search Support for Difficult Web Queries.
On Theoretically Valid Score Distributions in Information Retrieval.
On the Modeling of Entities for Ad-Hoc Entity Search in the Web of Data.
Phrase Pair Classification for Identifying Subtopics.
Investigating Summarization Techniques for Geo-Tagged Image Indexing.
A User Interface for Query-by-Sketch Based Image Retrieval with Color Sketches.
LiveTweet: Monitoring and Predicting Interesting Microblog Posts.
Handling OOV Words in Indian-language - English CLIR.
A Log-Logistic Model-Based Interpretation of TF Normalization of BM25.
Modeling Transactional Queries via Templates.
Analyzing the Polarity of Opinionated Queries.
Classification of Short Texts by Deploying Topical Annotations.
Explaining Query Modifications - An Alternative Interpretation of Term Addition and Removal.
Temporal Pseudo-relevance Feedback in Microblog Retrieval.
When Simple is (more than) Good Enough: Effective Semantic Search with (almost) no Semantics.
Predicting IMDB Movie Ratings Using Social Media.
How Random Walks Can Help Tourism.
Squeezing the Ensemble Pruning: Faster and More Accurate Categorization for News Portals.
Score Transformation in Linear Combination for Multi-criteria Relevance Ranking.
An Investigation of Term Weighting Approaches for Microblog Retrieval.
Adaptive Temporal Query Modeling.
Querium: A Session-Based Collaborative Search System.
Usefulness of Sentiment Analysis.
Analysis of Query Reformulations in a Search Engine of a Local Web Site.
Retrieving Candidate Plagiarised Documents Using Query Expansion.
On Smoothing Average Precision.
Image Abstraction in Crossmedia Retrieval for Text Illustration.
Combining Probabilistic Language Models for Aspect-Based Sentiment Retrieval.
Comparing Tweets and Tags for URLs.
The Design of a Visual History Tool to Help Users Refind Information within a Website.
Learning to Rank from Relevance Feedback for e-Discovery.
Extended Expectation Maximization for Inferring Score Distributions.
A New Approach to Answerer Recommendation in Community Question Answering Services.
Full and Mini-batch Clustering of News Articles with Star-EM.
New Metrics for Meaningful Evaluation of Informally Structured Speech Retrieval.
An Interactive Paper and Digital Pen Interface for Query-by-Sketch Image Retrieval.
Detection of News Feeds Items Appropriate for Children.
EmSe: Supporting Children's Information Needs within a Hospital Environment.
Using a Medical Thesaurus to Predict Query Difficulty.
On the Size of Full Element-Indexes for XML Keyword Search.
Geo-Location Estimation of Flickr Images: Social Web Based Enrichment.
Adaptive Time-to-Live Strategies for Query Result Caching in Web Search Engines.
Top-k Retrieval Using Facility Location Analysis.
Modeling Static Caching in Web Search Engines.
Crisees: Real-Time Monitoring of Social Media Streams to Support Crisis Management.
A Little Interaction Can Go a Long Way: Enriching the Query Formulation Process.
On Aggregating Labels from Multiple Crowd Workers to Infer Relevance of Documents.
Evaluating Personal Information Retrieval.
Reliability Prediction of Webpages in the Medical Domain.
Language Modelling of Constraints for Text Clustering.
What next?: a half-dozen data management research goals for big data and the cloud.
Proceedings of the 31st ACM SIGMOD-SIGACT-SIGART Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, PODS 2012, Scottsdale, AZ, USA, May 20-24, 2012
Approximating and testing k-histogram distributions in sub-linear time.
Mergeable summaries.
A dichotomy in the complexity of deletion propagation with functional dependencies.
On the complexity of package recommendation problems.
The wavelet trie: maintaining an indexed sequence of strings in compressed space.
Rectangle-efficient aggregation in spatial data streams.
Query-based data pricing.
The ACM PODS Alberto O. Mendelzon test-of-time award 2012.
Worst-case optimal join algorithms: [extended abstract].
Classification of annotation semirings over query containment.
Indexability of 2D range search revisited: constant redundancy and weak indivisibility.
The complexity of evaluating path expressions in SPARQL.
Dynamic top-k range reporting in external memory.
Nearest-neighbor searching under uncertainty.
Static analysis and optimization of semantic web queries.
Randomized algorithms for tracking distributed count, frequencies, and ranks.
On the optimality of clustering properties of space filling curves.
Max-Sum diversification, monotone submodular functions and dynamic updates.
Space-efficient range reporting for categorical data.
Linguistic foundations for bidirectional transformations: invited tutorial.
Deterministic regular expressions in linear time.
Efficient approximations of conjunctive queries.
A rigorous and customizable framework for privacy.
Graph sketches: sparsification, spanners, and subgraphs.
Approximate computation and implicit regularization for very large-scale data analysis.
Space-efficient estimation of statistics over sub-sampled streams.
The power of the dinur-nissim algorithm: breaking privacy of statistical and graph databases.
Continuous distributed counting for non-monotonic streams.
Local transformations and conjunctive-query equivalence.
Mining Heterogeneous Information Networks: The Next Frontier
GigaTensor: Scaling Tensor Analysis Up by 100 Times - Algorithms and Discoveries
SPG-GMKL: Generalized Multiple Kernel Learning with a Million Kernels
General Algorithms for Mining Closed Flexible Patterns under Various Equivalence Relations.
Learning Policies for Battery Usage Optimization in Electric Vehicles.
MDL-Based Analysis of Time Series at Multiple Time-Scales.
On Approximation of Real-World Influence Spread.
Distance Metric Learning Revisited.
The Bitvector Machine: A Fast and Robust Machine Learning Algorithm for Non-linear Problems.
Extension of the Rocchio Classification Method to Multi-modal Categorization of Documents in Social Media.
PCA, Eigenvector Localization and Clustering for Side-Channel Attacks on Cryptographic Hardware Devices.
Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases - European Conference, ECML PKDD 2012, Bristol, UK, September 24-28, 2012. Proceedings, Part II
Efficient Bi-objective Team Formation in Social Networks.
A Note on Extending Generalization Bounds for Binary Large-Margin Classifiers to Multiple Classes.
Learning and Inference in Probabilistic Classifier Chains with Beam Search.
APRIL: Active Preference Learning-Based Reinforcement Learning.
Diversity Regularized Ensemble Pruning.
ClowdFlows: A Cloud Based Scientific Workflow Platform.
Fast Near Neighbor Search in High-Dimensional Binary Data.
Graph-Based Transduction with Confidence.
Geometry Preserving Multi-task Metric Learning.
Efficient Training of Graph-Regularized Multitask SVMs.
Learning Multiple Tasks with Boosted Decision Trees.
A Live Comparison of Methods for Personalized Article Recommendation at Forbes.com.
Data Structures for Detecting Rare Variations in Time Series.
Autonomous Data-Driven Decision-Making in Smart Electricity Markets.
Boosting Nearest Neighbors for the Efficient Estimation of Posteriors.
Sparse Gaussian Processes for Multi-task Learning.
TopicExplorer: Exploring Document Collections with Topic Models.
Bidirectional Semi-supervised Learning with Graphs.
Extracting Trajectories through an Efficient and Unifying Spatio-temporal Pattern Mining System.
Multi-Task Boosting by Exploiting Task Relationships.
Separable Approximate Optimization of Support Vector Machines for Distributed Sensing.
Modelling Input Varying Correlations between Multiple Responses.
Label-Noise Robust Logistic Regression and Its Applications.
Handling Time Changing Data with Adaptive Very Fast Decision Rules.
Opinion Formation by Voter Model with Temporal Decay Dynamics.
Adaptive Planning for Markov Decision Processes with Uncertain Transition Models via Incremental Feature Dependency Discovery.
CC-MR - Finding Connected Components in Huge Graphs with MapReduce.
A Bayesian Approach for Classification Rule Mining in Quantitative Databases.
Combining Subjective Probabilities and Data in Training Markov Logic Networks.
Differentially Private Projected Histograms: Construction and Use for Prediction.
An Experimental Comparison of Hybrid Algorithms for Bayesian Network Structure Learning.
VIKAMINE - Open-Source Subgroup Discovery, Pattern Mining, and Analytics.
BDUOL: Double Updating Online Learning on a Fixed Budget.
Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases - European Conference, ECML PKDD 2012, Bristol, UK, September 24-28, 2012. Proceedings, Part I
AUDIO: An Integrity ting Framework of utlier-Mining-as-a-Service Systems.
Community Trend Outlier Detection Using Soft Temporal Pattern Mining.
Probability Estimation for Multi-class Classification Based on Label Ranking.
A Bayesian Scoring Technique for Mining Predictive and Non-Spurious Rules.
An Efficiently Computable Support Measure for Frequent Subgraph Pattern Mining.
Coupled Bayesian Sets Algorithm for Semi-supervised Learning and Information Extraction.
Feature-Enhanced Probabilistic Models for Diffusion Network Inference.
Score-Based Bayesian Skill Learning.
Embedding Monte Carlo Search of Features in Tree-Based Ensemble Methods.
Improved Counter Based Algorithms for Frequent Pairs Mining in Transactional Data Streams.
Bootstrapping Monte Carlo Tree Search with an Imperfect Heuristic.
Learning to Perceive Two-Dimensional Displays Using Probabilistic Grammars.
Learning Compact Class Codes for Fast Inference in Large Multi Class Classification.
Supervised Learning of Semantic Relatedness.
Learning Neighborhoods for Metric Learning.
Association Rule Mining Following the Web Search Paradigm.
Semi-supervised Multi-label Classification - A Simultaneous Large-Margin, Subspace Learning Approach.
Hypergraph Spectra for Semi-supervised Feature Selection.
Influence Spread in Large-Scale Social Networks - A Belief Propagation Approach.
Unsupervised Inference of Auditory Attention from Biosensors.
Sublinear Algorithms for Penalized Logistic Regression in Massive Datasets.
Hypergraph Learning with Hyperedge Expansion.
Size Matters: Finding the Most Informative Set of Window Lengths.
WikiSent: Weakly Supervised Sentiment Analysis through Extractive Summarization with Wikipedia.
Maximum Consistency Preferential Random Walks.
Scientific Workflow Management with ADAMS.
Graph Mining for Object Tracking in Videos.
Learning Bi-clustered Vector Autoregressive Models.
Analyzing Text and Social Network Data with Probabilistic Models.
Geodesic Analysis on the Gaussian RKHS Hypersphere.
Policy Iteration Based on a Learned Transition Model.
Discriminative Factor Alignment across Heterogeneous Feature Space.
Lifted Online Training of Relational Models with Stochastic Gradient Methods.
Bayesian Network Classifiers with Reduced Precision Parameters.
ASV Monitor: Creating Comparability of Machine Learning Methods for Content Analysis.
Classifying Stem Cell Differentiation Images by Information Distance.
Ensembles on Random Patches.
Pedestrian Quantity Estimation with Trajectory Patterns.
Unsupervised Bayesian Part of Speech Inference with Particle Gibbs.
Declarative Modeling for Machine Learning and Data Mining.
Discovering Links among Social Networks.
Relational Differential Prediction.
Efficient Discovery of Association Rules and Frequent Itemsets through Sampling with Tight Performance Guarantees.
Collective Information Extraction with Context-Specific Consistencies.
Discovering Descriptive Tile Trees - By Mining Optimal Geometric Subtiles.
A Framework for Evaluating the Smoothness of Data-Mining Results.
An Aspect-Lexicon Creation and Evaluation Tool for Sentiment Analysis Researchers.
Generic Pattern Trees for Exhaustive Exceptional Model Mining.
Adaptive Two-View Online Learning for Math Topic Classification.
Sentiment Classification with Supervised Sequence Embedding.
Socioscope: Spatio-temporal Signal Recovery from Social Media.
Which Topic Will You Follow?
Nearly Exact Mining of Frequent Trees in Large Networks.
Solving Problems with Visual Analytics: Challenges and Applications.
Invariant Time-Series Classification.
Transfer Spectral Clustering.
Knowledge Discovery through Symbolic Regression with HeuristicLab.
ParCube: Sparse Parallelizable Tensor Decompositions.
Bayesian Nonparametric Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
Scalable Relation Prediction Exploiting Both Intrarelational Correlation and Contextual Information.
Machine Learning Methods for Music Discovery and Recommendation.
Machine Learning for Robotics.
Structured Apprenticeship Learning.
Reachability Analysis and Modeling of Dynamic Event Networks.
Location Affiliation Networks: Bonding Social and Spatial Information.
Active Evaluation of Ranking Functions Based on Graded Relevance.
Author Name Disambiguation Using a New Categorical Distribution Similarity.
Fast ALS-Based Tensor Factorization for Context-Aware Recommendation from Implicit Feedback.
Efficient Graph Kernels by Randomization.
Learning Submodular Functions.
Massively Parallel Feature Selection: An Approach Based on Variance Preservation.
Fast Reinforcement Learning with Large Action Sets Using Error-Correcting Output Codes for MDP Factorization.
Smoothing Categorical Data.
OutRules: A Framework for Outlier Descriptions in Multiple Context Spaces.
Metal Binding in Proteins: Machine Learning Complements X-Ray Absorption Spectroscopy.
Mirror Descent for Metric Learning: A Unified Approach.
A Family of Feed-Forward Models for Protein Sequence Classification.
Fairness-Aware Classifier with Prejudice Remover Regularizer.
Matrix Factorization as Search.
Fully Sparse Topic Models.
Stochastic Coordinate Descent Methods for Regularized Smooth and Nonsmooth Losses.
Inferring Geographic Coincidence in Ephemeral Social Networks.
Viral Marketing for Product Cross-Sell through Social Networks.
How to Search Efficiently.
Proceedings of the Twelfth SIAM International Conference on Data Mining, Anaheim, California, USA, April 26-28, 2012.
Visualizing Variable-Length Time Series Motifs.
Nearest-Neighbor Search on a Time Budget via Max-Margin Trees.
Global Linear Neighborhoods for Efficient Label Propagation.
Event Detection in Social Streams.
Learning Hierarchical Relationships among Partially Ordered Objects with Heterogeneous Attributes and Links.
Image Mining of Historical Manuscripts to Establish Provenance.
Detecting and Tracking Coordinated Groups in Dense, Systematically Moving, Crowds.
Slim: Directly Mining Descriptive Patterns.
On Finding Joint Subspace Boolean Matrix Factorizations.
Heterogeneous Datasets Representation and Learning using Diffusion Maps and Laplacian Pyramids.
Optimal Distance Estimation Between Compressed Data Series.
Monitoring and Mining Insect Sounds in Visual Space.
Mining Patterns in Networks using Homomorphism.
Bayesian Supervised Multilabel Learning with Coupled Embedding and Classification.
Transfer Topic Modeling with Ease and Scalability.
Citation Prediction in Heterogeneous Bibliographic Networks.
Contextual Collaborative Filtering via Hierarchical Matrix Factorization.
On Evaluation of Outlier Rankings and Outlier Scores.
Context-aware Search for Personal Information Management Systems.
Mining Social Dependencies in Dynamic Interaction Networks.
Structural Analysis in Multi-Relational Social Networks.
Stratification Based Hierarchical Clustering Over a Deep Web Data Source.
Constructing Training Sets for Outlier Detection.
A Framework for the Evaluation and Management of Network Centrality.
Detecting Irregularly Shaped Significant Spatial and Spatio-Temporal Clusters.
Transfer Significant Subgraphs across Graph Databases.
A Novel Approximation to Dynamic Time Warping allows Anytime Clustering of Massive Time Series Datasets.
Evaluating Event Credibility on Twitter.
Efficient Clustering of Metagenomic Sequences using Locality Sensitive Hashing.
Toward Data-driven, Semi-automatic Inference of Phenomenological Physical Models: Application to Eastern Sahel Rainfall.
Sampling Strategies to Evaluate the Performance of Unknown Predictors.
A Bayesian Nonparametric Joint Factor Model for Learning Shared and Individual Subspaces from Multiple Data Sources.
Learning from Heterogeneous Sources via Gradient Boosting Consensus.
On Influential Node Discovery in Dynamic Social Networks.
Combining Active Learning and Dynamic Dimensionality Reduction.
Group Sparsity in Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
Feature Selection for High-dimensional Integrated Data.
The Similarity Between Stochastic Kronecker and Chung-Lu Graph Models.
Feature Selection over Distributed Data Streams through Convex Optimization.
Generalized Similarity Kernels for Efficient Sequence Classification.
Deterministic CUR for Improved Large-Scale Data Analysis: An Empirical Study.
Cluster-Aware Compression with Provable K-means Preservation.
Transformation Based Ensembles for Time Series Classification.
A Bayesian Markov-switching Model for Sparse Dynamic Network Estimation.
Microscopic Social Influence.
The Multi-Set Stream Clustering Problem.
Query-based Biclustering using Formal Concept Analysis.
Heterogeneous Data Fusion via Space Alignment Using Nonmetric Multidimensional Scaling.
Pseudo Cold Start Link Prediction with Multiple Sources in Social Networks.
Feature Selection "Tomography" - Illustrating that Optimal Feature Filtering is Hopelessly Ungeneralizable.
A Distributed Kernel Summation Framework for General-Dimension Machine Learning.
Sparse Group Lasso: Consistency and Climate Applications.
Drought Detection of the Last Century: An MRF-based Approach.
Multi-skill Collaborative Teams based on Densest Subgraphs.
On Dynamic Link Inference in Heterogeneous Networks.
Multi-Objective Multi-Label Classification.
Mining Massive Archives of Mice Sounds with Symbolized Representations.
An Iterative and Re-weighting Framework for Rejection and Uncertainty Resolution in Crowdsourcing.
Dual Transfer Learning.
MARBLES: Mining Association Rules Buried in Long Event Sequences.
Discovering Context-aware Influential Objects.
Feature Selection with Linked Data in Social Media.
Large-Scale Nonparametric Estimation of Vehicle Travel Time Distributions.
Fast Robustness Estimation in Large Social Graphs: Communities and Anomaly Detection.
Robust Reputation-Based Ranking on Bipartite Rating Networks.
Granger Causality Analysis in Irregular Time Series.
Supervised Clustering of Label Ranking Data.
Scalable Induction of Probabilistic Real-Time Automata Using Maximum Frequent Pattern Based Clustering.
Simplex Distributions for Embedding Data Matrices over Time.
Mining Multi-Label Data Streams Using Ensemble-Based Active Learning.
Kernelized Probabilistic Matrix Factorization: Exploiting Graphs and Side Information.
Active Learning with Monotonicity Constraints.
Detecting Extreme Rank Anomalous Collections.
Influence Blocking Maximization in Social Networks under the Competitive Linear Threshold Model.
Which Distance Metric is Right: An Evolutionary K-Means View.
IntruMine: Mining Intruders in Untrustworthy Data of Cyber-physical Systems.
A Flexible Open-Source Toolbox for Scalable Complex Graph Analysis.
HAR: Hub, Authority and Relevance Scores in Multi-Relational Data for Query Search.
Balancing Prediction and Recommendation Accuracy: Hierarchical Latent Factors for Preference Data.
SOR: Scalable Orthogonal Regression for Low-Redundancy Feature Selection and its Healthcare Applications.
WIGM: Discovery of Subgraph Patterns in a Large Weighted Graph.
A Tree-Based Kernel for Graphs.
Class Relevant Pattern Mining in Output-Polynomial Time.
Clustering Based on Yukawa Potential.
Adaptive Multi-task Sparse Learning with an Application to fMRI Study.
RP-growth: Top-k Mining of Relevant Patterns with Minimum Support Raising.
PICS: Parameter-free Identification of Cohesive Subgroups in Large Attributed Graphs.
Tracking Spatio-Temporal Diffusion in Climate Data.
Mining Compressing Sequential Patterns.
Transfer Learning of Distance Metrics by Cross-Domain Metric Sampling across Heterogeneous Spaces.
Beam Methods for the Profile Hidden Markov Model.
Regularized Structured Output Learning with Partial Labels.
Generalized Optimization Framework for Graph-based Semi-supervised Learning.
Legislative Prediction via Random Walks over a Heterogeneous Graph.
Symmetric Nonnegative Matrix Factorization for Graph Clustering.
Subtree Replacement in Decision Tree Simplification.
Density-based Projected Clustering over High Dimensional Data Streams.
Fast Random Walk Graph Kernel.
How Different is Big Data?
Provenance-based Indexing Support in Micro-blog Platforms.
Privacy-Preserving and Content-Protecting Location Based Queries.
IEEE 28th International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE 2012), Washington, DC, USA (Arlington, Virginia), 1-5 April, 2012
DPCube: Releasing Differentially Private Data Cubes for Health Information.
Approximate Shortest Distance Computing: A Query-Dependent Local Landmark Scheme.
Attribute-Based Subsequence Matching and Mining.
Optimizing Statistical Information Extraction Programs over Evolving Text.
Scalable Multi-query Optimization for SPARQL.
M3: Stream Processing on Main-Memory MapReduce.
Efficient Support of XQuery Update Facility in XML Enabled RDBMS.
Three-Level Processing of Multiple Aggregate Continuous Queries.
Efficient Exact Similarity Searches Using Multiple Token Orderings.
Evaluation of Clusterings - Metrics and Visual Support.
Upgrading Uncompetitive Products Economically.
Viewing the Web as a Distributed Knowledge Base.
NYAYA: A System Supporting the Uniform Management of Large Sets of Semantic Data.
GSLPI: A Cost-Based Query Progress Indicator.
Multi-query Stream Processing on FPGAs.
CI-Rank: Ranking Keyword Search Results Based on Collective Importance.
Boolean Matrix Decomposition Problem: Theory, Variations and Applications to Data Engineering.
Towards Multi-tenant Performance SLOs.
TEDAS: A Twitter-based Event Detection and Analysis System.
Physically Independent Stream Merging.
PRAGUE: Towards Blending Practical Visual Subgraph Query Formulation and Query Processing.
Temporal Support for Persistent Stored Modules.
Optimization of Massive Pattern Queries by Dynamic Configuration Morphing.
Parallel Top-K Similarity Join Algorithms Using MapReduce.
Data Management Issues on the Semantic Web.
Asking the Right Questions in Crowd Data Sourcing.
Efficient Versioning for Scientific Array Databases.
Parametric Plan Caching Using Density-Based Clustering.
Fuzzy Joins Using MapReduce.
A General Method for Estimating Correlated Aggregates over a Data Stream.
Integrating Frequent Pattern Mining from Multiple Data Domains for Classification.
Accountability and Trust in Cooperative Information Systems.
AskFuzzy: Attractive Visual Fuzzy Query Builder.
Searching Uncertain Data Represented by Non-axis Parallel Gaussian Mixture Models.
Adaptive Windows for Duplicate Detection.
Fast SLCA and ELCA Computation for XML Keyword Queries Based on Set Intersection.
Incremental Detection of Inconsistencies in Distributed Data.
Parameter-Free Determination of Distance Thresholds for Metric Distance Constraints.
GeoFeed: A Location Aware News Feed System.
LARS: A Location-Aware Recommender System.
Temporal Analytics on Big Data for Web Advertising.
Extracting Analyzing and Visualizing Triangle K-Core Motifs within Networks.
Trust and Share: Trusted Information Sharing in Online Social Networks.
Predicting Approximate Protein-DNA Binding Cores Using Association Rule Mining.
Discovering Conservation Rules.
Entity Search Strategies for Mashup Applications.
Aggregate Query Answering on Possibilistic Data with Cardinality Constraints.
On Text Clustering with Side Information.
Privacy in Social Networks: How Risky is Your Social Graph?
The Min-dist Location Selection Query.
Horizontal Reduction: Instance-Level Dimensionality Reduction for Similarity Search in Large Document Databases.
A Self-Configuring Schema Matching System.
On Discovery of Traveling Companions from Streaming Trajectories.
Learning-based Query Performance Modeling and Prediction.
Obfuscating the Topical Intention in Enterprise Text Search.
Approximate String Membership Checking: A Multiple Filter, Optimization-Based Approach.
Branch Code: A Labeling Scheme for Efficient Query Answering on Trees.
Scalable and Numerically Stable Descriptive Statistics in SystemML.
SMIX Live - A Self-Managing Index Infrastructure for Dynamic Workloads.
Querying Uncertain Spatio-Temporal Data.
Accuracy-Aware Uncertain Stream Databases.
Efficiently Monitoring Top-k Pairs over Sliding Windows.
Incorporating Duration Information for Trajectory Classification.
Energy Efficient Storage Management Cooperated with Large Data Intensive Applications.
Random Error Reduction in Similarity Search on Time Series: A Statistical Approach.
Bi-level Locality Sensitive Hashing for k-Nearest Neighbor Computation.
Efficient Top-k Keyword Search in Graphs with Polynomial Delay.
A Foundation for Efficient Indoor Distance-Aware Query Processing.
An Efficient Trie-based Method for Approximate Entity Extraction with Edit-Distance Constraints.
Joint Entity Resolution.
Interactive User Feedback in Ontology Matching Using Signature Vectors.
Processing and Notifying Range Top-k Subscriptions.
DESKS: Direction-Aware Spatial Keyword Search.
AutoDict: Automated Dictionary Discovery.
Project Daytona: Data Analytics as a Cloud Service.
SWST: A Disk Based Index for Sliding Window Spatio-Temporal Data.
Detecting Clones, Copying and Reuse on the Web.
Extending Map-Reduce for Efficient Predicate-Based Sampling.
HiCS: High Contrast Subspaces for Density-Based Outlier Ranking.
Making Unstructured Data SPARQL Using Semantic Indexing in Oracle Database.
Lookup Tables: Fine-Grained Partitioning for Distributed Databases.
Load Balancing for MapReduce-based Entity Resolution.
Emerging Graph Queries in Linked Data.
Automatic Extraction of Structured Web Data with Domain Knowledge.
Data3 - A Kinect Interface for OLAP Using Complex Event Processing.
Multidimensional Analysis of Atypical Events in Cyber-Physical Data.
The Future of Scientific Data Bases.
Differentially Private Spatial Decompositions.
Multi-version Concurrency via Timestamp Range Conflict Management.
DRAGOON: An Information Accountability System for High-Performance Databases.
Cross Domain Search by Exploiting Wikipedia.
Mapping XML to a Wide Sparse Table.
Processing of Rank Joins in Highly Distributed Systems.
On Top-k Structural Similarity Search.
Correlation Support for Risk Evaluation in Databases.
Learning Stochastic Models of Information Flow.
LotusX: A Position-Aware XML Graphical Search System with Auto-Completion.
Efficient Threshold Monitoring for Distributed Probabilistic Data.
ISOBAR Preconditioner for Effective and High-throughput Lossless Data Compression.
EUDEMON: A System for Online Video Frame Copy Detection by Earth Mover's Distance.
Horton: Online Query Execution Engine for Large Distributed Graphs.
Efficient Graph Similarity Joins with Edit Distance Constraints.
A Game-Theoretic Approach for High-Assurance of Data Trustworthiness in Sensor Networks.
Ego-centric Graph Pattern Census.
Effective Data Density Estimation in Ring-Based P2P Networks.
A Dataset Search Engine for the Research Document Corpus.
Detecting Outliers in Sensor Networks Using the Geometric Approach.
BestPeer++: A Peer-to-Peer Based Large-Scale Data Processing Platform.
Iterative Graph Feature Mining for Graph Indexing.
Efficient Similarity Search over Encrypted Data.
Recomputing Materialized Instances after Changes to Mappings and Data.
Load Balancing in MapReduce Based on Scalable Cardinality Estimates.
Vectorwise: A Vectorized Analytical DBMS.
Relevance Matters: Capitalizing on Less (Top-k Matching in Publish/Subscribe).
Keyword Query Reformulation on Structured Data.
Differentially Private Histogram Publication.
Efficient Dual-Resolution Layer Indexing for Top-k Queries.
F2DB: The Flash-Forward Database System.
Answering Why-not Questions on Top-k Queries.
R2DB: A System for Querying and Visualizing Weighted RDF Graphs.
Data Infrastructure at LinkedIn.
The Credit Suisse Meta-data Warehouse.
Evaluating Probabilistic Queries over Uncertain Matching.
Community Detection with Edge Content in Social Media Networks.
A Meta-language for MDX Queries in eLog Business Solution.
Mining Knowledge from Data: An Information Network Analysis Approach.
Towards Preference-aware Relational Databases.
Earlybird: Real-Time Search at Twitter.
An Efficient Graph Indexing Method.
Intuitive Interaction with Encrypted Query Execution in DataStorm.
Analyzing Query Optimization Process: Portraits of Join Enumeration Algorithms.
Accelerating Range Queries for Brain Simulations.
Provenance-Based Debugging and Drill-Down in Data-Oriented Workflows.
Reducing Uncertainty of Low-Sampling-Rate Trajectories.
A Deep Embedding of Queries into Ruby.
Discovering Threshold-based Frequent Closed Itemsets over Probabilistic Data.
Effective and Robust Pruning for Top-Down Join Enumeration Algorithms.
MXQuery with Hardware Acceleration.
Querying XML Data: As You Shape It.
DObjects+: Enabling Privacy-Preserving Data Federation Services.
Exploiting Common Subexpressions for Cloud Query Processing.
Micro-Specialization in DBMSes.
Discovering Multiple Clustering Solutions: Grouping Objects in Different Views of the Data.
Ranking Query Answers in Probabilistic Databases: Complexity and Efficient Algorithms.
Proceedings of the 2001 ACM SIGMOD international conference on Management of data, Santa Barbara, CA, USA, May 21-24, 2001
The 35th International ACM SIGIR conference on research and development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR '12, Portland, OR, USA, August 12-16, 2012
GLASE 0.1: eyes tell more than mice.
Summarizing highly structured documents for effective search interaction.
Investigating performance predictors using monte carlo simulation and score distribution models.
Opinion summarisation through sentence extraction: an investigation with movie reviews.
Twanchor text: a preliminary study of the value of tweets as anchor text.
Beyond bag-of-words: machine learning for query-document matching in web search.
Building reputation and trust using federated search and opinion mining.
Text selections as implicit relevance feedback.
Online result cache invalidation for real-time web search.
Sentiment identification by incorporating syntax, semantics and context information.
Creating temporally dynamic web search snippets.
Image ranking based on user browsing behavior.
Effects of expertise differences in synchronous social Q&A.
An uncertainty-aware query selection model for evaluation of IR systems.
Estimating the magic barrier of recommender systems: a user study.
SimFusion+: extending simfusion towards efficient estimation on large and dynamic networks.
Modeling concept dynamics for large scale music search.
Watson: the Jeopardy! challenge and beyond.
Dual role model for question recommendation in community question answering.
Large-scale graph mining and learning for information retrieval.
Survival analysis of click logs.
Using PageRank to infer user preferences.
Fast on-line learning for multilingual categorization.
Lightweight contrastive summarization for news comment mining.
Summarizing the differences from microblogs.
Structural relationships for large-scale learning of answer re-ranking.
The essence of time: considering temporal relevance as an intent-aware ranking problem.
Extending BM25 with multiple query operators.
Manhattan hashing for large-scale image retrieval.
Prefetching query results and its impact on search engines.
A study of term weighting schemes using class information for text classification.
Modeling the impact of short- and long-term behavior on search personalization.
Detecting candidate named entities in search queries.
Combining implicit and explicit topic representations for result diversification.
User-aware caching and prefetching query results in web search engines.
Learning to suggest: a machine learning framework for ranking query suggestions.
Effect of dynamic pruning safety on learning to rank effectiveness.
Retrieving information from the book of humanity: the personalized medicine data tsunami crashes on the beach of jeopardy.
Explanatory semantic relatedness and explicit spatialization for exploratory search.
Learning to select a time-aware retrieval model.
Exploring tag relevance for image tag re-ranking.
Friend or frenemy?: predicting signed ties in social networks.
Quality through flow and immersion: gamifying crowdsourced relevance assessments.
Optimizing parameters of the expected reciprocal rank.
A visual tool for bayesian data analysis: the impact of smoothing on naive bayes text classifiers.
Pictune: situational music recommendation from geotagged pictures.
Inferring missing relevance judgments from crowd workers via probabilistic matrix factorization.
Unsupervised linear score normalization revisited.
When web search fails, searchers become askers: understanding the transition.
Robust ranking models via risk-sensitive optimization.
Adaptive IR for exploratory search support.
How query extensions reflect search result abandonments.
Collaborative information seeking: art and science of achieving 1+1>2 in IR.
Ousting ivory tower research: towards a web framework for providing experiments as a service.
Privacy-aware image classification and search.
See-to-retrieve: efficient processing of spatio-visual keyword queries.
Predicting quality flaws in user-generated content: the case of wikipedia.
Cognos: crowdsourcing search for topic experts in microblogs.
Learning-based time-sensitive re-ranking for web search.
What reviews are satisfactory: novel features for automatic helpfulness voting.
Time drives interaction: simulating sessions in diverse searching environments.
Clarity re-visited.
Relevance as a subjective and situational multidimensional concept.
Proximity-based rocchio's model for pseudo relevance.
Adaptive context features for toponym resolution in streaming news.
YooSee: a video browsing application for young children.
Entity sentiment extraction using text ranking.
Mining the web for points of interest.
Active query selection for learning rankers.
Adaptation of the concept hierarchy model with search logs for query recommendation on intranets.
Explaining neighborhood-based recommendations.
Retrieval evaluation on focused tasks.
Sketch-based image similarity search with a pen and paper interface.
Gender-aware re-ranking.
Opinion influence and diffusion in social network.
Preliminary study of technical terminology for the retrieval of scientific book metadata records.
Scheduling queries across replicas.
Crowdsourcing for search evaluation and social-algorithmic search.
Personalized diversification of search results.
Impact of assessor disagreement on ranking performance.
Category hierarchy maintenance: a data-driven approach.
A framework for manipulating and searching multiple retrieval types.
Collaborative personalized tweet recommendation.
BReK12: a book recommender for K-12 users.
Rewarding term location information to enhance probabilistic information retrieval.
TFMAP: optimizing MAP for top-n context-aware recommendation.
Collaborative filtering with short term preferences mining.
CrowdTerrier: automatic crowdsourced relevance assessments with terrier.
$100, 000 prize jackpot. call now!: identifying the pertinent features of SMS spam.
Improving tweet stream classification by detecting changes in word probability.
Finding translations in scanned book collections.
Learning hash codes for efficient content reuse detection.
Fixed versus dynamic co-occurrence windows in TextRank term weights for information retrieval.
Mining query subtopics from search log data.
Efficient estimation of aspect weights.
Rhetorical relations for information retrieval.
Finding readings for scientists from social websites.
Automatic suggestion of query-rewrite rules for enterprise search.
Multi-platform image search using tag enrichment.
Fighting against web spam: a novel propagation method based on click-through data.
Evaluating aggregated search pages.
Query performance prediction for IR.
A hybrid model for ad-hoc information retrieval.
On real-time ad-hoc retrieval evaluation.
Dependency trigram model for social relation extraction from news articles.
Looking inside the box: context-sensitive translation for cross-language information retrieval.
Aspect-based opinion mining from product reviews.
Mixture model with multiple centralized retrieval algorithms for result merging in federated search.
(Big) usage data in web search.
An exploration of ranking heuristics in mobile local search.
Improving searcher models using mouse cursor activity.
myDJ: recommending karaoke songs from one's own voice.
Top-k learning to rank: labeling, ranking and evaluation.
On the mathematical relationship between expected n-call@k and the relevance vs. diversity trade-off.
TweetSpector: entity-based retrieval of tweets.
Confidence-aware graph regularization with heterogeneous pairwise features.
Generating reformulation trees for complex queries.
Time-sensitive query auto-completion.
Salton award lecture: information retrieval as engineering science.
Political search trends.
Anticipatory search: using context to initiate search.
Towards zero-click mobile IR evaluation: knowing what and knowing when.
On building a reusable Twitter corpus.
Modeling higher-order term dependencies in information retrieval using query hypergraphs.
A semi-supervised approach to modeling web search satisfaction.
On per-topic variance in IR evaluation.
Adversarial content manipulation effects.
Methods for mining and summarizing text conversations.
Enhancing knowledge base with knowledge transfer.
Task complexity, vertical display and user interaction in aggregated search.
On judgments obtained from a commercial search engine.
AspecTiles: tile-based visualization of diversified web search results.
Experimental methods for information retrieval.
A new look at old tricks: the fertile roots of current research.
Automatic refinement of patent queries using concept importance predictors.
ALF: a client side logger and server for capturing user interactions in web applications.
Combining inverted indices and structured search for ad-hoc object retrieval.
Using eye-tracking with dynamic areas of interest for analyzing interactive information retrieval.
A topic model of clinical reports.
Studies of the onset and persistence of medical concerns in search logs.
Making results fit into 40 characters: a study in document rewriting.
Exploiting term dependence while handling negation in medical search.
Boosting multi-kernel locality-sensitive hashing for scalable image retrieval.
MaSe: create your own mash-up search interface.
RDF Xpress: a flexible expressive RDF search engine.
Exploring social influence for recommendation: a generative model approach.
Genre classification for million song dataset using confidence-based classifiers combination.
Time to judge relevance as an indicator of assessor error.
Short text classification using very few words.
Language intent models for inferring user browsing behavior.
Time-based calibration of effectiveness measures.
Optimizing positional index structures for versioned document collections.
Improving e-discovery using information retrieval.
Detecting quilted web pages at scale.
Supporting efficient top-k queries in type-ahead search.
User evaluation of query quality.
Vote calibration in community question-answering systems.
Social annotations: utility and prediction modeling.
Efficient in-memory top-k document retrieval.
Learning to rank social update streams.
Cluster-based one-class ensemble for classification problems in information retrieval.
Content-based retrieval for heterogeneous domains: domain adaptation by relative aggregation points.
Diversity by proportionality: an election-based approach to search result diversification.
Parallelizing ListNet training using spark.
Improving retrieval of short texts through document expansion.
A subjunctive exploratory search interface to support media studies researchers.
Predicting the ratings of multimedia items for making personalized recommendations.
Finding interesting posts in Twitter based on retweet graph analysis.
An IR-based evaluation framework for web search query segmentation.
Reactive index replication for distributed search engines.
IR models: foundations and relationships.
On automatically tagging web documents from examples.
Personalization of search results using interaction behaviors in search sessions.
Re-examining search result snippet examination time forrelevance estimation.
Task-aware search assistant.
New assessment criteria for query suggestion.
Towards alias detection without string similarity: an active learning based approach.
Does Visualization Improve Our Ability to Find and Learn from Internet Based Information?
Incorporating statistical topic information in relevance feedback.
Personalized click shaping through lagrangian duality for online recommendation.
Finding web appearances of social network users via latent factor model.
Social-network analysis using topic models.
Using preference judgments for novel document retrieval.
Putting context into search and search into context.
Exploring example-based person search in email.
Want a coffee?: predicting users' trails.
Explicit relevance models in intent-oriented information retrieval diversification.
Patent information retrieval: an instance of domain-specific search.
TwiNER: named entity recognition in targeted twitter stream.
Utilizing inter-document similarities in federated search.
Identifying entity aspects in microblog posts.
To index or not to index: time-space trade-offs in search engines with positional ranking functions.
Learning to predict response times for online query scheduling.
Emotion tagging for comments of online news by meta classification with heterogeneous information sources.
Advances on the development of evaluation measures.
Medical information retrieval: an instance of domain-specific search.
Visual information retrieval using Java and LIRE.
Group matrix factorization for scalable topic modeling.
Retrieving similar discussion forum threads: a structure based approach.
Queries without clicks: evaluating retrieval effectiveness based on user feedback.
Increasing temporal diversity with purchase intervals.
Automatic term mismatch diagnosis for selective query expansion.
Placing images on the world map: a microblog-based enrichment approach.
A knowledge-based approach for summarising opinions.
IR paradigms in computational advertising.
Multi-aspect query summarization by composite query.
Exploiting paths for entity search in RDF graphs.
Effect of written instructions on assessor agreement.
Predicting lifespans of popular tweets in microblog.
CloudSearch and the democratization of information retrieval.
A generalized hidden Markov model with discriminative training for query spelling correction.
Index maintenance for time-travel text search.
ChatNoir: a search engine for the ClueWeb09 corpus.
Where is who: large-scale photo retrieval by facial attributes and canvas layout.
Adaptive query suggestion for difficult queries.
Distilling and exploring nuggets from a corpus.
A utility-theoretic ranking method for semi-automated text classification.
Adaptive diversification of recommendation results via latent factor portfolio.
Efficient query recommendations in the long tail via center-piece subgraphs.
PageFetch: a retrieval game for children (and adults).
Will this #hashtag be popular tomorrow?
Modeling user posting behavior on social media.
Integrative online research-data management.
Exploiting temporal topic models in social media retrieval.
Search, interrupted: understanding and predicting search task continuation.
Advances in Data Mining. Applications and Theoretical Aspects - 12th Industrial Conference, ICDM 2012, Berlin, Germany, July 13-20, 2012. Proceedings
Redundant Dictionary Spaces as a General Concept for the Analysis of Non-vectorial Data.
Human-Centered Text Mining: A New Software System.
Representation in Case-Based Reasoning Applied to Control Reconfiguration.
A Minimum Spanning Tree-Inspired Clustering-Based Outlier Detection Technique.
An Evolving Associative Classifier for Incomplete Database.
$\mathcal{SHACUN}$ : Semi-supervised Hierarchical Active Clustering Based on Ranking Constraints.
Research Themes in the Case-Based Reasoning in Health Sciences Core Literature.
Detecting Abnormal Patterns in Call Graphs Based on the Aggregation of Relevant Vertex Measures.
CWFM: Closed Contingency Weighted Frequent Itemsets Mining.
Electricity Consumption Time Series Profiling: A Data Mining Application in Energy Industry.
Decision Rules Development Using Set of Generic Operations Approach.
Application of Classification Algorithms on IDDM Rat Data.
SOHAC: Efficient Storage of Tick Data That Supports Search and Analysis.
Research on Application of Data Mining Methods to Diagnosing Gastric Cancer.
Bus Bunching Detection by Mining Sequences of Headway Deviations.
ML-DS: A Novel Deterministic Sampling Algorithm for Association Rules Mining.
Wind Turbines Fault Diagnosis Using Ensemble Classifiers.
Real-Time Mass Flow Estimation in Circulating Fluidized Bed.
Improving Classifier Performance by Knowledge-Driven Data Preparation.
Prognostic Modeling with High Dimensional and Censored Data.
Text Mining Scientific Papers: A Survey on FCA-Based Information Retrieval Research.
The Influence of Input and Output Measurement Noise on Batch-End Quality Prediction with Partial Least Squares.
Justification-based Multiagent Learning.
On partial least squares in head pose estimation: How to simultaneously deal with misalignment.
Fan Shape Model for object detection.
Robust Maximum Likelihood estimation by sparse bundle adjustment using the L1 norm.
Spherical hashing.
2012 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, Providence, RI, USA, June 16-21, 2012
Boosting algorithms for simultaneous feature extraction and selection.
Exploiting web images for event recognition in consumer videos: A multiple source domain adaptation approach.
Multitarget data association with higher-order motion models.
Cross-view activity recognition using Hankelets.
Part-based multiple-person tracking with partial occlusion handling.
Batch mode Adaptive Multiple Instance Learning for computer vision tasks.
Monotonicity and error type differentiability in performance measures for target detection and tracking in video.
Image collection summarization via dictionary learning for sparse representation.
Edge-preserving photometric stereo via depth fusion.
Online incremental attribute-based zero-shot learning.
Weak attributes for large-scale image retrieval.
Sign Language Recognition using Sequential Pattern Trees.
Towards compact topical descriptors.
Top-down and bottom-up cues for scene text recognition.
Learning rotation-aware features: From invariant priors to equivariant descriptors.
Enhancing underwater images and videos by fusion.
Robust Non-negative Graph Embedding: Towards noisy data, unreliable graphs, and noisy labels.
A data driven method for feature transformation.
Non-negative low rank and sparse graph for semi-supervised learning.
Robust visual domain adaptation with low-rank reconstruction.
Fast search in Hamming space with multi-index hashing.
An efficient branch-and-bound algorithm for optimal human pose estimation.
(Unseen) event recognition via semantic compositionality.
Large-scale image classification with trace-norm regularization.
Unsupervised incremental learning for improved object detection in a video.
Real-time 6D stereo Visual Odometry with non-overlapping fields of view.
Connecting the dots in multi-class classification: From nearest subspace to collaborative representation.
A constrained latent variable model.
Nonparametric kernel estimators for image classification.
Probabilistic learning of task-specific visual attention.
Saliency-guided integration of multiple scans.
On the regularization of image semantics by modal expansion.
Fast and globally optimal single view reconstruction of curved objects.
Max-margin early event detectors.
Accidental pinhole and pinspeck cameras: Revealing the scene outside the picture.
Robust object tracking via sparsity-based collaborative model.
A unified framework for event summarization and rare event detection.
Video from nearly still: An application to low frame-rate gait recognition.
Understanding collective crowd behaviors: Learning a Mixture model of Dynamic pedestrian-Agents.
A 3D extension to cortex like mechanisms for 3D object class recognition.
Collection flow.
Optical flow in the presence of spatially-varying motion blur.
Conditional regression forests for human pose estimation.
An optimized DBN-based mode-focussing particle filter.
Fast approximate k-means via cluster closures.
Robust visual tracking via multi-task sparse learning.
Unsupervised co-segmentation through region matching.
Maximum weight cliques with mutex constraints for video object segmentation.
Street-to-shop: Cross-scenario clothing retrieval via parts alignment and auxiliary set.
Low level vision via switchable Markov random fields.
Randomized visual phrases for object search.
Coupling detection and data association for multiple object tracking.
Affinity learning via self-diffusion for image segmentation and clustering.
Branch-and-price global optimization for multi-view multi-target tracking.
Learning contour-fragment-based shape model with And-Or tree representation.
Curvature-based regularization for surface approximation.
Progressive graph matching: Making a move of graphs via probabilistic voting.
Multi-feature metric learning with knowledge transfer among semantics and social tagging.
Beyond spatial pyramids: Receptive field learning for pooled image features.
Exploiting local and global patch rarities for saliency detection.
Group action induced distances for averaging and clustering Linear Dynamical Systems with applications to the analysis of dynamic scenes.
Efficient inference for fully-connected CRFs with stationarity.
On template-based reconstruction from a single view: Analytical solutions and proofs of well-posedness for developable, isometric and conformal surfaces.
Active image clustering: Seeking constraints from humans to complement algorithms.
A biquadratic reflectance model for radiometric image analysis.
Seeing through the blur.
Are we ready for autonomous driving? The KITTI vision benchmark suite.
Local Naive Bayes Nearest Neighbor for image classification.
Mobile object detection through client-server based vote transfer.
Unsupervised object class discovery via saliency-guided multiple class learning.
The Random Cluster Model for robust geometric fitting.
Robust nonrigid ICP using outlier-sparsity regularization.
Sparse Bayesian multi-task learning for predicting cognitive outcomes from neuroimaging measures in Alzheimer's disease.
Building a dictionary of image fragments.
Learning image-specific parameters for interactive segmentation.
Learning sparse covariance patterns for natural scenes.
Automated annotation of coral reef survey images.
Detecting activities of daily living in first-person camera views.
Omni-range spatial contexts for visual classification.
Learning to segment dense cell nuclei with shape prior.
Learning hierarchical representations for face verification with convolutional deep belief networks.
Learning to localize detected objects.
Discriminately decreasing discriminability with learned image filters.
Detecting regions of interest in dynamic scenes with camera motions.
Jigsaw puzzles with pieces of unknown orientation.
Names and shades of color for intrinsic image estimation.
Generalized Multiview Analysis: A discriminative latent space.
What has my classifier learned? Visualizing the classification rules of bag-of-feature model by support region detection.
Application of the mean field methods to MRF optimization in computer vision.
Graph-guided sparse reconstruction for region tagging.
Weighted color and texture sample selection for image matting.
Sparse representation for blind image quality assessment.
The Vitruvian manifold: Inferring dense correspondences for one-shot human pose estimation.
Small sample scene categorization from perceptual relations.
Optimal integration of photometric and geometric surface measurements using inaccurate reflectance/illumination knowledge.
Sum-product networks for modeling activities with stochastic structure.
Graph-based detection, segmentation & characterization of brain tumors.
Layered segmentation and optical flow estimation over time.
Laser speckle photography for surface tampering detection.
Discovering important people and objects for egocentric video summarization.
A regularized spectral algorithm for Hidden Markov Models with applications in computer vision.
Higher level segmentation: Detecting and grouping of invariant repetitive patterns.
Contour-based recognition.
Real-time image-based 6-DOF localization in large-scale environments.
The role of image understanding in contour detection.
Seeded watershed cut uncertainty estimators for guided interactive segmentation.
Decentralized particle filter for joint individual-group tracking.
Efficient online structured output learning for keypoint-based object tracking.
Multi-target tracking by online learning of non-linear motion patterns and robust appearance models.
A new mirror-based extrinsic camera calibration using an orthogonality constraint.
Scalable k-NN graph construction for visual descriptors.
Multi-view hair capture using orientation fields.
3D visual phrases for landmark recognition.
Scalable action recognition with a subspace forest.
A database for fine grained activity detection of cooking activities.
Bayesian geometric modeling of indoor scenes.
Discriminative illumination: Per-pixel classification of raw materials based on optimal projections of spectral BRDF.
Real time robust L1 tracker using accelerated proximal gradient approach.
Online content-aware video condensation.
See all by looking at a few: Sparse modeling for finding representative objects.
Multi-scale dictionary for single image super-resolution.
Matrix completion by Truncated Nuclear Norm Regularization.
What are good parts for hair shape modeling?
Social roles in hierarchical models for human activity recognition.
Video segmentation by tracing discontinuities in a trajectory embedding.
Memory constrained face recognition.
On multiple foreground cosegmentation.
Weakly supervised sparse coding with geometric consistency pooling.
Manifold guided composite of Markov random fields for image modeling.
Consistent depth maps recovery from a trinocular video sequence.
Fast recursive ensemble convolution of Haar-like features.
Power mean SVM for large scale visual classification.
Segmentation using superpixels: A bipartite graph partitioning approach.
Parameter-free/Pareto-driven procedural 3D reconstruction of buildings from ground-level sequences.
Three things everyone should know to improve object retrieval.
A unifying resolution-independent formulation for early vision.
Per-pixel translational symmetry detection, optimization, and segmentation.
Connected contours: A new contour completion model that respects the closure effect.
A new convexity measurement for 3D meshes.
Active learning for semantic segmentation with expected change.
A theory of multi-layer flat refractive geometry.
Geometric understanding of point clouds using Laplace-Beltrami operator.
Exploiting nonlocal spatiotemporal structure for video segmentation.
Learning the right model: Efficient max-margin learning in Laplacian CRFs.
Cats and dogs.
Affinity aggregation for spectral clustering.
Irregular lattices for complex shape grammar facade parsing.
Improved facial expression recognition via uni-hyperplane classification.
An online learned CRF model for multi-target tracking.
Discriminative feature fusion for image classification.
On SIFTs and their scales.
Semi-coupled dictionary learning with applications to image super-resolution and photo-sketch synthesis.
Rolling shutter bundle adjustment.
Semantic structure from motion with points, regions, and objects.
Bilevel sparse coding for coupled feature spaces.
Color constancy using faces.
Chebyshev approximations to the histogram χ kernel.
Fast computation of min-Hash signatures for image collections.
Classifying covert photographs.
Learning shared body plans.
Higher order motion models and spectral clustering.
2.5D building modeling by discovering global regularities.
Pose pooling kernels for sub-category recognition.
Leveraging stereopsis for saliency analysis.
Multi-label ReliefF and F-statistic feature selections for image annotation.
AVA: A large-scale database for aesthetic visual analysis.
Modelling and correction of multipath interference in time of flight cameras.
Incremental gradient on the Grassmannian for online foreground and background separation in subsampled video.
Learning object class detectors from weakly annotated video.
Covariance discriminative learning: A natural and efficient approach to image set classification.
Multiple clustered instance learning for histopathology cancer image classification, segmentation and clustering.
We are not contortionists: Coupled adaptive learning for head and body orientation estimation in surveillance video.
Hierarchical face parsing via deep learning.
Auto face re-ranking by mining the web and video archives.
Figure-ground segmentation by transferring window masks.
Customizing biometric authentication systems via discriminative score calibration.
Transferring a generic pedestrian detector towards specific scenes.
Robust late fusion with rank minimization.
Image denoising: Can plain neural networks compete with BM3D?
A unified approach to salient object detection via low rank matrix recovery.
Superedge grouping for object localization by combining appearance and shape information.
Sparse representation for face recognition based on discriminative low-rank dictionary learning.
Sasaki metrics for analysis of longitudinal data on manifolds.
Augmenting deformable part models with irregular-shaped object patches.
Parsing clothing in fashion photographs.
Learning attention map from images.
Learning inter-related visual dictionary for object recognition.
General and nested Wiberg minimization.
Surface regions of interest for viewpoint selection.
Globally optimal line clustering and vanishing point estimation in Manhattan world.
Progressive shape models.
QsRank: Query-sensitive hash code ranking for efficient ∊-neighbor search.
Unsupervised feature learning framework for no-reference image quality assessment.
Face alignment by Explicit Shape Regression.
A Riemannian approach for estimating orientation distribution function (ODF) images from high-angular resolution diffusion imaging (HARDI).
Steerable part models.
Seeing double without confusion: Structure-from-motion in highly ambiguous scenes.
From Pictorial Structures to deformable structures.
Search strategies for multiple landmark detection by submodular maximization.
Online continuous stereo extrinsic parameter estimation.
Real-time scene text localization and recognition.
Making minimal solvers fast.
Refractive height fields from single and multiple images.
Real-time facial feature detection using conditional regression forests.
Color attributes for object detection.
Vector array based Multi-View Face Detection with compound exemplars.
Mobile product search with Bag of Hash Bits and boundary reranking.
Efficient object detection using cascades of nearest convex model classifiers.
Practical low-rank matrix approximation under robust L1-norm.
Hedging your bets: Optimizing accuracy-specificity trade-offs in large scale visual recognition.
Recognizing scene viewpoint using panoramic place representation.
Joint 2D-3D temporally consistent semantic segmentation of street scenes.
Fast axis estimation from a segment of rotationally symmetric object.
Fast radial symmetry detection under affine transformations.
Action recognition by exploring data distribution and feature correlation.
A convex representation for the vectorial Mumford-Shah functional.
Single image 3D human pose estimation from noisy observations.
Learning 3D object templates by hierarchical quantization of geometry and appearance spaces.
Saliency filters: Contrast based filtering for salient region detection.
Decomposing global light transport using time of flight imaging.
The use of on-line co-training to reduce the training set size in pattern recognition methods: Application to left ventricle segmentation in ultrasound.
Efficient activity detection with max-subgraph search.
Cross-based local multipoint filtering.
SUN attribute database: Discovering, annotating, and recognizing scene attributes.
Adaptive figure-ground classification.
MAP-MRF inference based on extended junction tree representation.
Affine-invariant, elastic shape analysis of planar contours.
Learning structural element patch models with hierarchical palettes.
Submodular dictionary learning for sparse coding.
Isogeometric finite-elements methods and variational reconstruction tasks in vision - A perfect match.
A flow model for joint action recognition and identity maintenance.
Learning ordinal discriminative features for age estimation.
Towards good practice in large-scale learning for image classification.
Generalizing Wiberg algorithm for rigid and nonrigid factorizations with missing components and metric constraints.
Multi-class cosegmentation.
Non-sparse linear representations for visual tracking with online reservoir metric learning.
A bundle approach to efficient MAP-inference by Lagrangian relaxation.
A-Optimal Non-negative Projection for image representation.
A fast nearest neighbor search algorithm by nonlinear embedding.
Image sets alignment for Video-Based Face Recognition.
Learning hierarchical similarity metrics.
Schematic surface reconstruction.
Efficient structure detection via random consensus graph.
Teaching 3D geometry to deformable part models.
Tracking the articulated motion of two strongly interacting hands.
Discovering discriminative action parts from mid-level video representations.
Object retrieval and localization with spatially-constrained similarity measure and k-NN re-ranking.
A simple prior-free method for non-rigid structure-from-motion factorization.
Robust stereo with flash and no-flash image pairs.
Autonomous cleaning of corrupted scanned documents - A generative modeling approach.
Fast dynamic programming for labeling problems with ordering constraints.
Linear solution to scale invariant global figure ground separation.
Improved subspace clustering via exploitation of spatial constraints.
Meta-class features for large-scale object categorization on a budget.
Sharing features in multi-class boosting via group sparsity.
Parsing façade with rank-one approximation.
Multi-pedestrian detection in crowded scenes: A global view.
Evaluation of low-level features and their combinations for complex event detection in open source videos.
KNN matting.
Dense reconstruction on-the-fly.
l2, 1 Regularized correntropy for robust feature selection.
Spatial bias in multi-atlas based segmentation.
Weakly supervised structured output learning for semantic segmentation.
Discriminative virtual views for cross-view action recognition.
PCCA: A new approach for distance learning from sparse pairwise constraints.
Factorized graph matching.
Structure and motion from scene registration.
Modulation transfer function of patch-based stereo systems.
Linear discriminative image processing operator analysis.
Spatio-temporal motion tracking with unsynchronized cameras.
A branch-and-bound algorithm for globally optimal hand-eye calibration.
Locality-constrained and spatially regularized coding for scene categorization.
Robust Boltzmann Machines for recognition and denoising.
Facial expression editing in video using a temporally-smooth factorization.
Intrinsic shape context descriptors for deformable shapes.
Micro Phase Shifting.
Mode-seeking on graphs via random walks.
What is optimized in tight convex relaxations for multi-label problems?
Shrink boost for selecting multi-LBP histogram features in object detection.
Geodesic flow kernel for unsupervised domain adaptation.
A two-stage approach to blind spatially-varying motion deblurring.
Iterative Nearest Neighbors for classification and dimensionality reduction.
DCMSVM: Distributed parallel training for single-machine multiclass classifiers.
Leveraging category-level labels for instance-level image retrieval.
Reconstruction of super-resolution lung 4D-CT using patch-based sparse representation.
Robust photometric stereo using sparse regression.
Visual stem mapping and Geometric Tense coding for Augmented Visual Vocabulary.
Fast algorithms for structured robust principal component analysis.
Image categorization using Fisher kernels of non-iid image models.
Robust visual tracking using autoregressive hidden Markov Model.
Salient object detection for searched web images via global saliency.
Image search results refinement via outlier detection using deep contexts.
Order determination and sparsity-regularized metric learning adaptive visual tracking.
Automated quantitative description of spiral galaxy arm-segment structure.
Improving multi-target tracking via social grouping.
Factorizing appearance using epitomic flobject analysis.
Multi-view latent variable discriminative models for action recognition.
What are we looking for: Towards statistical modeling of saccadic eye movements and visual saliency.
Top-down visual saliency via joint CRF and dictionary learning.
Growing a bag of systems tree for fast and accurate classification.
Substructure and boundary modeling for continuous action recognition.
Pedestrian detection at 100 frames per second.
Robust and discriminative distance for Multi-Instance Learning.
Model recommendation for action recognition.
Context aware topic model for scene recognition.
Complex loss optimization via dual decomposition.
Nonlinear camera response functions and image deblurring.
The Shape Boltzmann Machine: A strong model of object shape.
Automated reconstruction of tree structures using path classifiers and Mixed Integer Programming.
A hierarchical image clustering cosegmentation framework.
Multi view registration for novelty/background separation.
Computer vision aided target linked radiation imaging.
A contextual maximum likelihood framework for modeling image registration.
Sparse kernel approximations for efficient classification and detection.
Detecting texts of arbitrary orientations in natural images.
RGB-(D) scene labeling: Features and algorithms.
Image description with a goal: Building efficient discriminating expressions for images.
Evaluation of super-voxel methods for early video processing.
Dynamic scene understanding: The role of orientation features in space and time in scene classification.
Geometry constrained sparse coding for single image super-resolution.
A physically-based approach to reflection separation.
A discriminative deep model for pedestrian detection with occlusion handling.
An analysis of color demosaicing in plenoptic cameras.
From label fusion to correspondence fusion: A new approach to unbiased groupwise registration.
Globally consistent depth labeling of 4D light fields.
Generalized time warping for multi-modal alignment of human motion.
Decomposing and regularizing sparse/non-sparse components for motion field estimation.
A combined pose, object, and feature model for action understanding.
Computing nearest-neighbor fields via Propagation-Assisted KD-Trees.
Unsupervised learning of translation invariant occlusive components.
Aligning images in the wild.
Multiclass pixel labeling with non-local matching constraints.
SURFing the point clouds: Selective 3D spatial pyramids for category-level object recognition.
Random walks based multi-image segmentation: Quasiconvexity results and GPU-based solutions.
Center-Shift: An approach towards automatic robust mesh segmentation (ARMS).
Social behavior recognition in continuous video.
Discrete-continuous optimization for multi-target tracking.
Locally Orderless Tracking.
Actionable saliency detection: Independent motion detection without independent motion estimation.
A data-driven approach for facial expression synthesis in video.
A game-theoretic approach to deformable shape matching.
D-Nets: Beyond patch-based image descriptors.
Metric learning with two-dimensional smoothness for visual analysis.
Hand tracking by binary quadratic programming and its application to retail activity recognition.
Occlusion reasoning for object detection under arbitrary viewpoint.
Estimating the aspect layout of object categories.
2D/3D rotation-invariant detection using equivariant filters and kernel weighted mapping.
The Schrödinger distance transform (SDT) for point-sets and curves.
RALF: A reinforced active learning formulation for object class recognition.
A study on human age estimation under facial expression changes.
WhittleSearch: Image search with relative attribute feedback.
Detection by detections: Non-parametric detector adaptation for a video.
Photometric stereo for outdoor webcams.
Low-rank matrix recovery with structural incoherence for robust face recognition.
Scale resilient, rotation invariant articulated object matching.
General trajectory prior for Non-Rigid reconstruction.
City scale geo-spatial trajectory estimation of a moving camera.
Graph cuts optimization for multi-limb human segmentation in depth maps.
A codebook-free and annotation-free approach for fine-grained image categorization.
Markov Weight Fields for face sketch synthesis.
Joint motion estimation and segmentation of complex scenes with label costs and occlusion modeling.
Discriminant image filter learning for face recognition with local binary pattern like representation.
Bridging the past, present and future: Modeling scene activities from event relationships and global rules.
Large scale metric learning from equivalence constraints.
Action bank: A high-level representation of activity in video.
Nonparametric learning for layered segmentation of natural images.
Robust tracking via weakly supervised ranking SVM.
Multi-output Laplacian dynamic ordinal regression for facial expression recognition and intensity estimation.
Bag of textons for image segmentation via soft clustering and convex shift.
Robust plane-based structure from motion.
Efficient discriminative learning of parametric nearest neighbor classifiers.
Single image multimaterial estimation.
The image torque operator: A new tool for mid-level vision.
Supervised hashing with kernels.
Dense Lagrangian motion estimation with occlusions.
Cache-efficient graph cuts on structured grids.
Mining actionlet ensemble for action recognition with depth cameras.
Efficient structured prediction for 3D indoor scene understanding.
A line-structure-preserving approach to image resizing.
Robust camera self-calibration from monocular images of Manhattan worlds.
Revisiting uncertainty in graph cut solutions.
Regression Tree Fields - An efficient, non-parametric approach to image labeling problems.
Camera spectral sensitivity estimation from a single image under unknown illumination by using fluorescence.
FREAK: Fast Retina Keypoint.
Social interactions: A first-person perspective.
Power SVM: Generalization with exemplar classification uncertainty.
Automatic discovery of groups of objects for scene understanding.
A learning-based framework for depth ordering.
Interactive object detection.
Convex reduction of high-dimensional kernels for visual classification.
Depth from optical turbulence.
Discrete texture traces: Topological representation of geometric context.
Example-based 3D object reconstruction from line drawings.
Video anomaly detection based on local statistical aggregates.
The scale of edges.
Visual tracking via adaptive structural local sparse appearance model.
Discovering localized attributes for fine-grained recognition.
Hierarchical matching with side information for image classification.
Foreground detection using spatiotemporal projection kernels.
Distribution fields for tracking.
Learning latent temporal structure for complex event detection.
On the dimensionality of video bricks under varying illumination.
Identigram/watermark removal using cross-channel correlation.
Transfer re-identification: From person to set-based verification.
Icon scanning: Towards next generation QR codes.
A learning based deformable template matching method for automatic rib centerline extraction and labeling in CT images.
Semantic segmentation using regions and parts.
Online robust image alignment via iterative convex optimization.
Learning an object class representation on a continuous viewsphere.
Multimodal feature fusion for robust event detection in web videos.
Neighborhood repulsed metric learning for kinship verification.
Feature-domain super-resolution framework for Gabor-based face and iris recognition.
Structured Local Predictors for image labelling.
Fixed-rank representation for unsupervised visual learning.
Nonparametric image parsing using adaptive neighbor sets.
A non-local cost aggregation method for stereo matching.
Motion-aware noise filtering for deblurring of noisy and blurry images.
Articulated pose estimation with parts connectivity using discriminative local oriented contours.
Unsupervised metric fusion by cross diffusion.
Background modeling using adaptive pixelwise kernel variances in a hybrid feature space.
Discovering and exploiting 3D symmetries in structure from motion.
Multi-attribute spaces: Calibration for attribute fusion and similarity search.
Image matching using local symmetry features.
Exemplar-based human action pose correction and tagging.
Angular domain reconstruction of dynamic 3D fluid surfaces.
Video stabilization with a depth camera.
"Knock! Knock! Who is it?" probabilistic person identification in TV-series.
Rapid and accurate developmental stage recognition of C. elegans from high-throughput image data.
Recovering free space of indoor scenes from a single image.
Globally optimal hand-eye calibration.
Discriminative spatial saliency for image classification.
Learning object relationships via graph-based context model.
Robust non-rigid registration of 2D and 3D graphs.
Contextual boost for pedestrian detection.
Bispectral photometric stereo based on fluorescence.
From pixels to physics: Probabilistic color de-rendering.
Automatic mitral leaflet tracking in echocardiography by outlier detection in the low-rank representation.
Multi-column deep neural networks for image classification.
Stream-based joint exploration-exploitation active learning.
Describing the scene as a whole: Joint object detection, scene classification and semantic segmentation.
3D Constrained Local Model for rigid and non-rigid facial tracking.
Recognizing proxemics in personal photos.
Synthesizing oil painting surface geometry from a single photograph.
Learning active facial patches for expression analysis.
Articulated people detection and pose estimation: Reshaping the future.
Boosting bottom-up and top-down visual features for saliency estimation.
A closed-form solution to uncalibrated photometric stereo via diffuse maxima.
Visibility Based Preconditioning for bundle adjustment.
Example-based cross-modal denoising.
A tiered move-making algorithm for general pairwise MRFs.
Reconfigurable models for scene recognition.
Large-scale knowledge transfer for object localization in ImageNet.
Efficient automatic 3D-reconstruction of branching neurons from EM data.
Face detection, pose estimation, and landmark localization in the wild.
Scene warping: Layer-based stereoscopic image resizing.
Automatic upright adjustment of photographs.
Shape, albedo, and illumination from a single image of an unknown object.
Active attentional sampling for speed-up of background subtraction.
Compressive depth map acquisition using a single photon-counting detector: Parametric signal processing meets sparsity.
Understanding and predicting importance in images.
Finite Element based sequential Bayesian Non-Rigid Structure from Motion.
Relaxed collaborative representation for pattern classification.
Twisted window search for efficient shape localization.
The inverted multi-index.
On Completeness Classes for Query Evaluation on Linked Data.
Ordered Completion for Logic Programs with Aggregates.
Finding Optimal Abstract Strategies in Extensive-Form Games.
Opinion Target Extraction Using a Shallow Semantic Parsing Framework.
Towards Population Scale Activity Recognition: A Framework for Handling Data Diversity.
A Data-Driven Approach to Question Subjectivity Identification in Community Question Answering.
A Tractable First-Order Probabilistic Logic.
Proceedings of the Twenty-Sixth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 22-26, 2012, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
On Finding Optimal Polytrees.
Width and Complexity of Belief Tracking in Non-Deterministic Conformant and Contingent Planning.
A Testbed for Learning by Demonstration from Natural Language and RGB-Depth Video.
Mixed-Initiative Reasoning for Integrated Domain Modeling, Learning and Problem Solving.
The Parameterized Complexity of Abduction.
Computing Game-Theoretic Solutions and Applications to Security.
Filtering Decomposable Global Cost Functions.
An ILP Method Based on Instance Graph.
Artificial Intelligence-Based Computer Modeling Tools for Controlling Slag Foaming in Electric Furnaces.
Usage-Centric Benchmarking of RDF Triple Stores.
Factored Models for Multiscale Decision-Making in Smart Grid Customers.
Combining Hashing and Abstraction in Sparse High Dimensional Feature Spaces.
Music-Inspired Texture Representation.
Generating Coherent Summaries with Textual Aspects.
Decision Support for Agent Populations in Uncertain and Congested Environments.
Learning Qualitative Models by Demonstration.
Convex Matching Pursuit for Large-Scale Sparse Coding and Subset Selection.
Bayes-Adaptive Interactive POMDPs.
Learning Games from Videos Guided by Descriptive Complexity.
Iterative Resource Allocation for Memory Intensive Parallel Search Algorithms on Clouds, Grids, and Shared Clusters.
An Object-Based Bayesian Framework for Top-Down Visual Attention.
A New Operator for ABox Revision in DL-Lite.
Three Controversial Hypotheses Concerning Computation in the Primate Cortex.
Threats and Trade-Offs in Resource Critical Crowdsourcing Tasks Over Networks.
Efficient Multi-Stage Conjugate Gradient for Trust Region Step.
Quality Expectation-Variance Tradeoffs in Crowdsourcing Contests.
Synthesizing Strategies for Epistemic Goals by Epistemic Model Checking: An Application to Pursuit Evasion Games.
Enriching Chatter Bots With Semantic Conversation Control.
Improving Hierarchical Planning Performance by the Use of Landmarks.
Approximate Policy Iteration with Linear Action Models.
A Mouse-Trajectory Based Model for Predicting Query-URL Relevance.
Construction of New Medicines via Game Proof Search.
Generalized Monte-Carlo Tree Search Extensions for General Game Playing.
POMDPs Make Better Hackers: Accounting for Uncertainty in Penetration Testing.
Active Learning from Oracle with Knowledge Blind Spot.
Exact Lifted Inference with Distinct Soft Evidence on Every Object.
Basing Decisions on Sentences in Decision Diagrams.
Mobile Robot Planning to Seek Help with Spatially-Situated Tasks.
A Complexity-of-Strategic-Behavior Comparison between Schulze's Rule and Ranked Pairs.
Mirror Perspective-Taking with a Humanoid Robot.
Optimization and Controlled Systems: A Case Study on Thermal Aware Workload Dispatching.
Lessons Learned From a Rational Reconstruction of Minstrel.
A Spin-Glass Model for Semi-Supervised Community Detection.
Name-Ethnicity Classification and Ethnicity-Sensitive Name Matching.
Functional Interactions Between Memory and Recognition Judgments.
Multinomial Relation Prediction in Social Data: A Dimension Reduction Approach.
Sparse Probabilistic Relational Projection.
Large-Scale Mapping and Navigation in VirtualWorlds: Thesis Summary.
Security Games for Controlling Contagion.
Social Context-Aware Trust Network Discovery in Complex Contextual Social Networks.
Fairness and Welfare Through Redistribution When Utility Is Transferable.
The Linear Distance Traveling Tournament Problem.
Symbolic Synthesis of Observability Requirements for Diagnosability.
Hierarchical Double Dirichlet Process Mixture of Gaussian Processes.
Matching State-Based Sequences with Rich Temporal Aspects.
HyperPlay: A Solution to General Game Playing with Imperfect Information.
Strategic Advice Provision in Repeated Human-Agent Interactions (Abstract).
Planning in Factored Action Spaces with Symbolic Dynamic Programming.
Query-Oriented Multi-Document Summarization via Unsupervised Deep Learning.
MCTS Based on Simple Regret.
Heuristic Search Comes of Age.
Generalizing and Executing Plans.
A Well-Founded Semantics for Basic Logic Programs with Arbitrary Abstract Constraint Atoms.
Stochastic Safest and Shortest Path Problems.
Identifying Adverse Drug Events by Relational Learning.
Learning SVM Classifiers with Indefinite Kernels.
Non-Intrusive Load Monitoring Using Prior Models of General Appliance Types.
Relative Attributes for Enhanced Human-Machine Communication.
Towards Automated Choreographing of Web Services Using Planning.
Simple Robust Grammar Induction with Combinatory Categorial Grammars.
Content Recommendation for Attention Management in Unified Social Messaging.
Learning the Kernel Matrix with Low-Rank Multiplicative Shaping.
Rule Ensemble Learning Using Hierarchical Kernels in Structured Output Spaces.
Solving Peg Solitaire with Bidirectional BFIDA.
Similarity Is Not Entailment - Jointly Learning Similarity Transformation for Textual Entailment.
Emoticon Smoothed Language Models for Twitter Sentiment Analysis.
A Multi-Path Compilation Approach to Contingent Planning.
Counting-MLNs: Learning Relational Structure for Decision Making.
An Efficient Simulation-Based Approach to Ambulance Fleet Allocation and Dynamic Redeployment.
Housing Markets with Indifferences: A Tale of Two Mechanisms.
Failure Handling In a Planning Framework.
Sustaining Economic Exploitation of Complex Ecosystems in Computational Models of Coupled Human-Natural Networks.
Global Climate Model Tracking Using Geospatial Neighborhoods.
Planning Under Time Pressure.
Visual Saliency Map from Tensor Analysis.
Tree-Based Solution Methods for Multiagent POMDPs with Delayed Communication.
Ontology-Based Data Access with Dynamic TBoxes in DL-Lite.
Alpha-Beta Pruning for Games with Simultaneous Moves.
Goal Recognition with Markov Logic Networks for Player-Adaptive Games.
Information Set Generation in Partially Observable Games.
Covering Number as a Complexity Measure for POMDP Planning and Learning.
Parsing Outdoor Scenes from Streamed 3D Laser Data Using Online Clustering and Incremental Belief Updates.
Generating Pictorial Storylines Via Minimum-Weight Connected Dominating Set Approximation in Multi-View Graphs.
Semi-Relaxed Plan Heuristics.
A Parameterized Runtime Analysis of Evolutionary Algorithms for the Euclidean Traveling Salesperson Problem.
The Automated Vacuum Waste Collection Optimization Problem.
Online Sequence Alignment for Real-Time Audio Transcription by Non-Experts.
Social Cognition: Memory Decay and Adaptive Information Filtering for Robust Information Maintenance.
Fused Matrix Factorization with Geographical and Social Influence in Location-Based Social Networks.
MAXSAT Heuristics for Cost Optimal Planning.
Choosing Linguistics over Vision to Describe Images.
Using the Web to Interactively Learn to Find Objects.
Probabilistic Alternating-Time Temporal Logic of Incomplete Information and Synchronous Perfect Recall.
Table Header Detection and Classification.
BabelRelate! A Joint Multilingual Approach to Computing Semantic Relatedness.
Agent-Human Coordination with Communication Costs Under Uncertainty.
Symmetry Breaking Constraints: Recent Results.
Symmetric Subgame Perfect Equilibria in Resource Allocation.
Sample Bounded Distributed Reinforcement Learning for Decentralized POMDPs.
Cruising with a Battery-Powered Vehicle and Not Getting Stranded.
A Sequential Decision Approach to Ordinal Preferences in Recommender Systems.
Multi-Label Learning by Exploiting Label Correlations Locally.
FLP Semantics Without Circular Justifications for General Logic Programs.
Conflict-Based Belief Revision Operators in Possibilistic Logic.
A Grounded Cognitive Model for Metaphor Acquisition.
I'm Doing as Well as I Can: Modeling People as Rational Finite Automata.
Solving Temporal Problems Using SMT: Weak Controllability.
A Dynamic Rationalization of Distance Rationalizability.
Evaluating Resistance to False-Name Manipulations in Elections.
Benchmarking Ontology-Based Query Rewriting Systems.
Modeling Textual Cohesion for Event Extraction.
Search Algorithms for m Best Solutions for Graphical Models.
Collective Nominal Semantic Role Labeling for Tweets.
A Market-Based Coordination Mechanism for Resource Planning Under Uncertainty.
Using Sliding Windows to Generate Action Abstractions in Extensive-Form Games.
Learning from Demonstration for Goal-Driven Autonomy.
Ensemble Feature Weighting Based on Local Learning and Diversity.
A Theoretical Framework of the Graph Shift Algorithm.
Advances in Lifted Importance Sampling.
An Investigation of Sensitivity on Bagging Predictors: An Empirical Approach.
Stability Via Convexity and LP Duality in OCF Games.
Security Games with Limited Surveillance.
Exacting Social Events for Tweets Using a Factor Graph.
Coupling Spatiotemporal Disease Modeling with Diagnosis.
Influence-Based Abstraction for Multiagent Systems.
Diagnosing Changes in An Ontology Stream: A DL Reasoning Approach.
On the Relation of Constraint Answer Set Programming Languages and Algorithms.
Building Collaborative Strategies via Imitation.
Recommending Related Microblogs: A Comparison Between Topic and WordNet based Approaches.
The Deployment-to-Saturation Ratio in Security Games.
A Bregman Divergence Optimization Framework for Ranking on Data Manifold and Its New Extensions.
Computing Equilibria with Two-Player Zero-Sum Continuous Stochastic Games with Switching Controller.
An Intelligent Battery Controller Using Bias-Corrected Q-learning.
Exploiting Shared Resource Dependencies in Spectrum Based Plan Diagnosis.
Action Selection for MDPs: Anytime AO* Versus UCT.
Optimal Proportional Cake Cutting with Connected Pieces.
A Convex Formulation for Learning from Crowds.
A Multivariate Complexity Analysis of Lobbying in Multiple Referenda.
Configuration Checking with Aspiration in Local Search for SAT.
Temporally Expressive Planning Based on Answer Set Programming with Constraints.
Sequence Labeling with Non-Negative Weighted Higher Order Features.
Learning Names for RFID-Tagged Objects in Activity Videos.
Modeling Context Aware Dynamic Trust Using Hidden Markov Model.
Informed Initial Policies for Learning in Dec-POMDPs.
Catch Me If You Can: Pursuit and Capture in Polygonal Environments with Obstacles.
Acquiring Domain Specific Knowledge and Coreference Cues for Coreference Resolution.
Search-Based Path Planning with Homotopy Class Constraints in 3D.
Building Contextual Anchor Text Representation using Graph Regularization.
Automated Strategies for Determining Rewards for Human Work.
A Robust Bayesian Truth Serum for Small Populations.
Solution Diversity in Planning.
Performance and Preferences: Interactive Refinement of Machine Learning Procedures.
On the Complexity of Consistent Query Answering in the Presence of Simple Ontologies.
Transfer Learning with Graph Co-Regularization.
Automatic Targetless Extrinsic Calibration of a 3D Lidar and Camera by Maximizing Mutual Information.
Compressed Least-Squares Regression on Sparse Spaces.
Semi-Supervised Kernel Matching for Domain Adaptation.
Don't Be Strict in Local Search!
Trap Avoidance in Local Search Using Pseudo-Conflict Learning.
Identifying Bullies with a Computer Game.
Time-Critical Influence Maximization in Social Networks with Time-Delayed Diffusion Process.
Symmetric Rendezvous in Planar Environments With and Without Obstacles.
Reformulating Temporal Action Logics in Answer Set Programming.
Improving Hybrid Vehicle Fuel Efficiency Using Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
Multi-Label Learning on Tensor Product Graph.
Non-Model-Based Search Guidance for Set Partitioning Problems.
Computing Stackelberg Equilibria in Discounted Stochastic Games.
Ontological Smoothing for Relation Extraction with Minimal Supervision.
Solving Dots-And-Boxes.
An Efficient Higher-Order Consistency Algorithm for Table Constraints.
Fine-Grained Entity Recognition.
Searching for Optimal Off-Line Exploration Paths in Grid Environments for a Robot with Limited Visibility.
Competing with Humans at Fantasy Football: Team Formation in Large Partially-Observable Domains.
Heart Rate Topic Models.
Coordinated Multi-Robot Exploration Under Communication Constraints Using Decentralized Markov Decision Processes.
Optimal Auctions for Spiteful Bidders.
A Scalable Message-Passing Algorithm for Supply Chain Formation.
SPARQL Query Containment Under SHI Axioms.
Large Scale Temporal RDFS Reasoning Using MapReduce.
Sentic Activation: A Two-Level Affective Common Sense Reasoning Framework.
Lagrangian Relaxation Techniques for Scalable Spatial Conservation Planning.
Congestion Games with Agent Failures.
Occupancy Grid Models for Robot Mapping in Changing Environments.
Evaluating Temporal Plans in Incomplete Domains.
Seven Challenges in Parallel SAT Solving.
Conflict-Based Search For Optimal Multi-Agent Path Finding.
A Novel and Scalable Spatio-Temporal Technique for Ocean Eddy Monitoring.
The Complexity of Planning Revisited - A Parameterized Analysis.
Adaptive Polling for Information Aggregation.
Prediction and Fault Detection of Environmental Signals with Uncharacterised Faults.
Design and Optimization of an Omnidirectional Humanoid Walk: A Winning Approach at the RoboCup 2011 3D Simulation Competition.
Fast and Accurate Predictions of IDA*'s Performance.
Towards a Cognitive System that Can Recognize Spatial Regions Based on Context.
Probabilistic Models for Common Spatial Patterns: Parameter-Expanded EM and Variational Bayes.
Unsupervised Detection of Music Boundaries by Time Series Structure Features.
Kernel-Based Reinforcement Learning on Representative States.
A Bayesian Approach to the Data Description Problem.
A Hybrid Algorithm for Coalition Structure Generation.
Estimation of Suitable Action to Realize Given Novel Effect with Given Tool Using Bayesian Tool Affordances.
Learning Non-Stationary Space-Time Models for Environmental Monitoring.
Convex Kernelized Sorting.
Query Rewriting for Horn-SHIQ Plus Rules.
Low-Rank Matrix Recovery via Efficient Schatten p-Norm Minimization.
Crossing Boundaries: Multi-Level Introspection in a Complex Robotic Architecture for Automatic Performance Improvements.
A Multi-Domain Evaluation of Scaling in a General Episodic Memory.
Cooperative Virtual Power Plant Formation Using Scoring Rules.
Using Expectations to Drive Cognitive Behavior.
Efficient Optimization of Control Libraries.
Using First-Order Logic to Compress Sentences.
Exploring Mixed-Initiative Interaction for Learning with Situated Instruction in Cognitive Agents.
Knapsack Based Optimal Policies for Budget-Limited Multi-Armed Bandits.
Online Kernel Selection: Algorithms and Evaluations.
Ontology Integration in XML.
Unsupervised Feature Selection Using Nonnegative Spectral Analysis.
Dynamic Matching via Weighted Myopia with Application to Kidney Exchange.
Learning to Learn: Algorithmic Inspirations from Human Problem Solving.
Dynamically Switching between Synergistic Workflows for Crowdsourcing.
Clustering Documents Along Multiple Dimensions.
Two New Local Search Strategies for Minimum Vertex Cover.
Margin-Based Feature Selection in Incomplete Data.
Weighted Clustering.
Interactive Narrative: A Novel Application of Artificial Intelligence for Computer Games.
Model Learning and Real-Time Tracking Using Multi-Resolution Surfel Maps.
Sequential Decision Making with Rank Dependent Utility: A Minimax Regret Approach.
Improved Convergence of Iterative Ontology Alignment using Block-Coordinate Descent.
Sparse Principal Component Analysis with Constraints.
Visibility Induction for Discretized Pursuit-Evasion Games.
Pairwise Exemplar Clustering.
On Maxsum Fair Cake Divisions.
Computing Optimal Strategies to Commit to in Stochastic Games.
MOMDPs: A Solution for Modelling Adaptive Management Problems.
Conditioning in First-Order Knowledge Compilation and Lifted Probabilistic Inference.
Real-Time Collaborative Planning with the Crowd.
Discriminative Clustering via Generative Feature Mapping.
Computing the Nucleolus of Matching, Cover and Clique Games.
Querying Linked Ontological Data through Distributed Summarization.
LRTDP Versus UCT for Online Probabilistic Planning.
Last-Mile Restoration for Multiple Interdependent Infrastructures.
Planning as an Iterative Process.
Supervised Probabilistic Robust Embedding with Sparse Noise.
A Search Algorithm for Latent Variable Models with Unbounded Domains.
Hierarchical Modeling with Tensor Inputs.
Sembler: Ensembling Crowd Sequential Labeling for Improved Quality.
Effects of Representation on Solving Complex Spatial-Temporal Problems.
Markov Network Structure Learning: A Randomized Feature Generation Approach.
Learning Actions and Action Verbs from Human-Agent Interaction.
A Dichotomy for 2-Constraint Forbidden CSP Patterns.
Manifold Warping: Manifold Alignment over Time.
A Bucket Elimination Approach for Determining Strong Controllability of Temporal Plans with Uncontrollable Choices.
Generalized Sampling and Variance in Counterfactual Regret Minimization.
Optimizing Payments in Dominant-Strategy Mechanisms for Multi-Parameter Domains.
Context Tree Maximizing.
Online Task Assignment in Crowdsourcing Markets.
Filtering Algorithms Based on the Word-RAM Model.
Improving Twitter Retrieval by Exploiting Structural Information.
Patrol Strategies to Maximize Pristine Forest Area.
Leveraging Domain Knowledge in Multitask Bayesian Network Structure Learning.
Adaptive Step-Size for Online Temporal Difference Learning.
Equality-Friendly Well-Founded Semantics and Applications to Description Logics.
Dynamic Multiagent Resource Allocation: Integrating Auctions and MDPs for Real-Time Decisions.
Symbolic Variable Elimination for Discrete and Continuous Graphical Models.
REWOrD: Semantic Relatedness in the Web of Data.
Symbolic Dynamic Programming for Continuous State and Action MDPs.
Predictive Mining of Comparable Entities from the Web.
DUCT: An Upper Confidence Bound Approach to Distributed Constraint Optimization Problems.
Colorization by Matrix Completion.
A First-Order Interpreter for Knowledge-Based Golog with Sensing based on Exact Progression and Limited Reasoning.
Double-Bit Quantization for Hashing.
TD-DeltaPi: A Model-Free Algorithm for Efficient Exploration.
Robust Cuts Over Time: Combatting the Spread of Invasive Species with Unreliable Biological Control.
Transfer Learning in Collaborative Filtering with Uncertain Ratings.
From Streamlined Combinatorial Search to Efficient Constructive Procedures.
Classification of Sparse Time Series via Supervised Matrix Factorization.
PROTECT: An Application of Computational Game Theory for the Security of the Ports of the United States.
Visual Saliency Estimation through Manifold Learning.
Teaching Machines to Learn by Metaphors.
Improving Convergence of CMA-ES Through Structure-Driven Discrete Recombination.
Discovering Spammers in Social Networks.
Capabilities in Heterogeneous Multi-Robot Systems.
Incremental Management of Oversubscribed Vehicle Schedules in Dynamic Dial-A-Ride Problems.
Random Projection with Filtering for Nearly Duplicate Search.
Sense Sentiment Similarity: An Analysis.
Topic Correlation Analysis for Cross-Domain Text Classification.
Complex Task Learning from Unstructured Demonstrations.
Efficient Approximate Value Iteration for Continuous Gaussian POMDPs.
Efficient Online Learning for Large-Scale Sparse Kernel Logistic Regression.
A Multi-Agent Control Architecture for a Rescue Robot.
Approximately Revenue-Maximizing Auctions for Deliberative Agents.
Strategic Advice Provision in Repeated Human-Agent Interactions.
Document Summarization Based on Data Reconstruction.
Characterizing Multi-Agent Team Behavior from Partial Team Tracings: Evidence from the English Premier League.
Improving Request Compliance through Robot Affect.
Learning Transformation Rules by Examples.
Frugal Coordinate Descent for Large-Scale NNLS.
Negotiation in Exploration-Based Environment.
Combining Probabilistic Planning and Logic Programming on Mobile Robots.
Abductive Metareasoning for Truth-Seeking Agents.
Generating Chinese Classical Poems with Statistical Machine Translation Models.
Fine-Grained Photovoltaic Output Prediction Using a Bayesian Ensemble.
Partial-Expansion A* with Selective Node Generation.
Discovering Constraints for Inductive Process Modeling.
A Distributed Approach to Summarizing Spaces of Multiagent Schedules.
Bayesian Unification of Sound Source Localization and Separation with Permutation Resolution.
Belief Functions on Distributive Lattices.
Algorithmic and Human Teaching of Sequential Decision Tasks.
Scheduling Conservation Designs via Network Cascade Optimization.
Investigating Contingency Awareness Using Atari 2600 Games.
Predicting Satisfiability at the Phase Transition.
Far Out: Predicting Long-Term Human Mobility.
ET-LDA: Joint Topic Modeling for Aligning Events and their Twitter Feedback.
The Price of Neutrality for the Ranked Pairs Method.
Automatically Generating Algebra Problems.
Optimal Manipulation of Voting Rules.
Concept-Based Approach to Word-Sense Disambiguation.
Opportunities and Challenges for Constraint Programming.
Mining Context-Aware Significant Travel Sequences from Geotagged Social Media.
Pre-Symptomatic Prediction of Plant Drought Stress Using Dirichlet-Aggregation Regression on Hyperspectral Images.
Conservative and Greedy Approaches to Classification-Based Policy Iteration.
Possible Winners in Noisy Elections.
Research Challenges in Combinatorial Search.
Predicting Disease Transmission from Geo-Tagged Micro-Blog Data.
Approximating the Sum Operation for Marginal-MAP Inference.
Time-Consistency of Optimization Problems.
Modeling the Evolution of Knowledge in Learning Systems.
Compiling Model-Based Diagnosis to Boolean Satisfaction.
Structural Patterns Beyond Forks: Extending the Complexity Boundaries of Classical Planning.
Delivering the Smart Grid: Challenges for Autonomous Agents and Multi-Agent Systems Research.
Eliminating the Weakest Link: Making Manipulation Intractable?
Polynomially Decomposable Global Cost Functions in Weighted Constraint Satisfaction.
Exploring the Duality in Conflict-Directed Model-Based Diagnosis.
Repeated Sequential Auctions with Dynamic Task Clusters.
Transportability of Causal Effects: Completeness Results.
Iterative Voting under Uncertainty for Group Recommender Systems (Research Abstract).
Learning Behavior Models for Hybrid Timed Systems.
SMT-Based Verification of Hybrid Systems.
Sensing the Air We Breathe - The OpenSense Zurich Dataset.
Lifted MEU by Weighted Model Counting.
Towards Discovering What Patterns Trigger What Labels.
Investigating the Effectiveness of Laplacian-Based Kernels in Hub Reduction.
CCE: A Coupled Framework of Clustering Ensembles.
Large-scale distributed non-negative sparse coding and sparse dictionary learning.
The 18th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, KDD '12, Beijing, China, August 12-16, 2012
Summarization-based mining bipartite graphs.
Coupled behavior analysis for capturing coupling relationships in group-based market manipulations.
Two approaches to understanding when constraints help clustering.
Finding trending local topics in search queries for personalization of a recommendation system.
A framework for robust discovery of entity synonyms.
Fast bregman divergence NMF using taylor expansion and coordinate descent.
Intelligent advertising framework for digital signage.
Detecting changes of clustering structures using normalized maximum likelihood coding.
Ensembles and model delivery for tax compliance.
The missing models: a data-driven approach for learning how networks grow.
HySAD: a semi-supervised hybrid shilling attack detector for trustworthy product recommendation.
Finding trendsetters in information networks.
SeqiBloc: mining multi-time spanning blockmodels in dynamic graphs.
Siren: an interactive tool for mining and visualizing geospatial redescriptions.
Model mining for robust feature selection.
Overlapping decomposition for causal graphical modeling.
Discovering lag intervals for temporal dependencies.
Multi-view clustering using mixture models in subspace projections.
RecMax: exploiting recommender systems for fun and profit.
A structural cluster kernel for learning on graphs.
Online learning to diversify from implicit feedback.
USpan: an efficient algorithm for mining high utility sequential patterns.
Experience with discovering knowledge by acquiring it.
Dependency clustering across measurement scales.
EvaPlanner: an evacuation planner with social-based flocking kinetics.
Navigating information facets on twitter (NIF-T).
Low rank modeling of signed networks.
Mining large-scale, sparse GPS traces for map inference: comparison of approaches.
Efficient and domain-invariant competitor mining.
Discovering regions of different functions in a city using human mobility and POIs.
Information diffusion and external influence in networks.
Stratified k-means clustering over a deep web data source.
Large-scale learning of word relatedness with constraints.
Bid optimizing and inventory scoring in targeted online advertising.
Estimating entity importance via counting set covers.
Linear support vector machines via dual cached loops.
Learning personal + social latent factor model for social recommendation.
Fast mining and forecasting of complex time-stamped events.
Cross-domain collaboration recommendation.
Learning binary codes for collaborative filtering.
Circle-based recommendation in online social networks.
Overlapping community detection via bounded nonnegative matrix tri-factorization.
Experiments in social computation: (and the data they generate).
Metro maps of science.
Magnet community identification on social networks.
Intelligible models for classification and regression.
Feature grouping and selection over an undirected graph.
Fast algorithms for comprehensive n-point correlation estimates.
SHALE: an efficient algorithm for allocation of guaranteed display advertising.
Mining recent temporal patterns for event detection in multivariate time series data.
On socio-spatial group query for location-based social networks.
Efficient event pattern matching with match windows.
Multimedia features for click prediction of new ads in display advertising.
Adversarial support vector machine learning.
The untold story of the clones: content-agnostic factors that impact YouTube video popularity.
Keyword-propagation-based information enriching and noise removal for web news videos.
DAGger: clustering correlated uncertain data (to predict asset failure in energy networks).
PageRank on an evolving graph.
Mining discriminative components with low-rank and sparsity constraints for face recognition.
Mining heterogeneous information networks: the next frontier.
A system for extracting top-K lists from the web.
TourViz: interactive visualization of connection pathways in large graphs.
Towards social user profiling: unified and discriminative influence model for inferring home locations.
Information processing in social networks.
Experiences and lessons in developing industry-strength machine learning and data mining software.
Active sampling for entity matching.
A sparsity-inducing formulation for evolutionary co-clustering.
Integrating community matching and outlier detection for mining evolutionary community outliers.
A near-linear time approximation algorithm for angle-based outlier detection in high-dimensional data.
A simple methodology for soft cost-sensitive classification.
VOXSUP: a social engagement framework.
Capacitated team formation problem on social networks.
Online allocation of display ads with smooth delivery.
HeteRecom: a semantic-based recommendation systemin heterogeneous networks.
Key lessons learned building recommender systems for large-scale social networks.
Review spam detection via temporal pattern discovery.
Bootstrapped language identification for multi-site internet domains.
Rank-loss support instance machines for MIML instance annotation.
Finding minimum representative pattern sets.
Efficient evaluation of large sequence kernels.
Fast algorithms for maximal clique enumeration with limited memory.
Social media data analysis for revealing collective behaviors.
Batch mode active sampling based on marginal probability distribution matching.
Differentially private transit data publication: a case study on the montreal transportation system.
GigaTensor: scaling tensor analysis up by 100 times - algorithms and discoveries.
Parallel field ranking.
ComSoc: adaptive transfer of user behaviors over composite social network.
Optimal exact least squares rank minimization.
AssocExplorer: an association rule visualization system for exploratory data analysis.
Anonymizing set-valued data by nonreciprocal recoding.
Scalable misbehavior detection in online video chat services.
MoodLens: an emoticon-based sentiment analysis system for chinese tweets.
Trustworthy online controlled experiments: five puzzling outcomes explained.
Interaction and collective intelligence in internet computing.
Transparent user models for personalization.
Learning from crowds in the presence of schools of thought.
Following the electrons: methods for power management in commercial buildings.
Social sampling.
Mining coherent subgraphs in multi-layer graphs with edge labels.
Event-based social networks: linking the online and offline social worlds.
Cross-media knowledge discovery.
Maximum inner-product search using cone trees.
Chromatic correlation clustering.
Query-driven discovery of semantically similar substructures in heterogeneous networks.
Design principles of massive, robust prediction systems.
SPF-GMKL: generalized multiple kernel learning with a million kernels.
GetJar mobile application recommendations with very sparse datasets.
RainMon: an integrated approach to mining bursty timeseries monitoring data.
Sampling minimal frequent boolean (DNF) patterns.
Active spectral clustering via iterative uncertainty reduction.
Random forests for metric learning with implicit pairwise position dependence.
Nine real hard problems we'd like you to solve.
Differential identifiability.
Interacting viruses in networks: can both survive?
Learning in non-stationary environments with class imbalance.
Empowering authors to diagnose comprehension burden in textbooks.
Towards heterogeneous temporal clinical event pattern discovery: a convolutional approach.
Subspace correlation clustering: finding locally correlated dimensions in subspace projections of the data.
On nested palindromes in clickstream data.
GeoSearch: georeferenced video retrieval system.
Information propagation game: a tool to acquire humanplaying data for multiplayer influence maximization on social networks.
PubMed search and exploration with real-time semantic network construction.
Locally-scaled spectral clustering using empty region graphs.
Multi-label hypothesis reuse.
Divide-and-conquer and statistical inference for big data.
TM-LDA: efficient online modeling of latent topic transitions in social media.
Automatic taxonomy construction from keywords.
Inductive multi-task learning with multiple view data.
China's national personal credit scoring system: a real-life intelligent knowledge application.
On the separability of structural classes of communities.
SympGraph: a framework for mining clinical notes through symptom relation graphs.
Position-normalized click prediction in search advertising.
Unsupervised feature selection for linked social media data.
Discriminative clustering for market segmentation.
RolX: structural role extraction & mining in large graphs.
A new challenge of information processing under the 21st century.
Understanding users' satisfaction for search engine evaluation.
NASA: achieving lower regrets and faster rates via adaptive stepsizes.
From user comments to on-line conversations.
Semantic search and a new moore's law effect in knowledge engineering.
Algorithms for mining uncertain graph data.
Efficient personalized pagerank with accuracy assurance.
Multi-domain active learning for text classification.
Vertex neighborhoods, low conductance cuts, and good seeds for local community methods.
Factoring past exposure in display advertising targeting.
The long and the short of it: summarising event sequences with serial episodes.
eTrust: understanding trust evolution in an online world.
An integrated data mining approach to real-time clinical monitoring and deterioration warning.
Leveraging predictive modeling to reduce signal theft in a multi-service organization environment.
Building an engine for big data.
PatentMiner: topic-driven patent analysis and mining.
A framework for summarizing and analyzing twitter feeds.
Linear space direct pattern sampling using coupling from the past.
A probabilistic model for multimodal hash function learning.
SmartDispatch: enabling efficient ticket dispatch in an IT service environment.
The contextual focused topic model.
Searching and mining trillions of time series subsequences under dynamic time warping.
EventSearch: a system for event discovery and retrieval on multi-type historical data.
On "one of the few" objects.
Practical collapsed variational bayes inference for hierarchical dirichlet process.
D-INDEX: a web environment for analyzing dependences among scientific collaborators.
Similarity search in real world networks.
BC-PDM: data mining, social network analysis and text mining system based on cloud computing.
Open domain event extraction from twitter.
Testing the significance of spatio-temporal teleconnection patterns.
Incorporating heterogeneous information for personalized tag recommendation in social tagging systems.
Discovering value from community activity on focused question answering sites: a case study of stack overflow.
Selecting a characteristic set of reviews.
A shapelet transform for time series classification.
Latent association analysis of document pairs.
Mining top-K high utility itemsets.
UFIMT: an uncertain frequent itemset mining toolbox.
Robust multi-task feature learning.
Entity-centric topic-oriented opinion summarization in twitter.
Semi-supervised learning with mixed knowledge information.
Mining contentions from discussions and debates.
Aggregating web offers to determine product prices.
Integrating meta-path selection with user-guided object clustering in heterogeneous information networks.
Developing data mining applications.
Mining emerging patterns by streaming feature selection.
Constructing popular routes from uncertain trajectories.
Intrusion as (anti)social communication: characterization and detection.
Harnessing the wisdom of the crowds for accurate web page clipping.
Maximizing return and minimizing cost with the right decision management systems.
Community discovery and profiling with social messages.
Accelerated singular value thresholding for matrix completion.
Mining event periodicity from incomplete observations.
LIEGE: : link entities in web lists with knowledge base.
Multi-source learning for joint analysis of incomplete multi-modality neuroimaging data.
Efficient frequent item counting in multi-core hardware.
Different slopes for different folks: mining for exceptional regression models with cook's distance.
Joint optimization of bid and budget allocation in sponsored search.
Rise and fall patterns of information diffusion: model and implications.
Streaming graph partitioning for large distributed graphs.
Modeling disease progression via fused sparse group lasso.
Active learning for online bayesian matrix factorization.
Web image prediction using multivariate point processes.
An enhanced relevance criterion for more concise supervised pattern discovery.
Storytelling in entity networks to support intelligence analysts.
DEMON: a local-first discovery method for overlapping communities.
Bayesian relational data analysis.
Playlist prediction via metric embedding.
Transductive multi-label ensemble classification for protein function prediction.
Visual exploration of collaboration networks based on graph degeneracy.
Estimating conversion rate in display advertising from past erformance data.
G-WSTD: a framework for geographic web search topic discovery.
Mining noisy tagging from multi-label space.
Mining advices from weblogs.
An effective rule miner for instance matching in a web of data.
Right-protected data publishing with hierarchical clustering preservation.
21st ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM'12, Maui, HI, USA, October 29 - November 02, 2012
On the inference of average precision from score distributions.
CarbonDB: a semantic life cycle inventory database.
Estimating interleaved comparison outcomes from historical click data.
Enhancing product search by best-selling prediction in e-commerce.
Hierarchical image annotation using semantic hierarchies.
Enabling ontology based semantic queries in biomedical database systems.
Utilizing common substructures to speedup tensor factorization for mining dynamic graphs.
Labeling by landscaping: classifying tokens in context by pruning and decorating trees.
Temporal corpus summarization using submodular word coverage.
Multi-faceted ranking of news articles using post-read actions.
Sketch-based indexing of n-words.
Automatic labeling hierarchical topics.
gSCorr: modeling geo-social correlations for new check-ins on location-based social networks.
Finding food entity relationships using user-generated data in recipe service.
Recency-sensitive model of web page authority.
Efficient algorithms for generalized subgraph query processing.
Lonomics Atlas: a tool to explore interconnected ionomic, genomic and environmental data.
Clustering short text using Ncut-weighted non-negative matrix factorization.
Reconciling ontologies and the web of data.
Graph classification: a diversified discriminative feature selection approach.
CloudDB 2012: fourth international workshop on cloud data management.
A novel local patch framework for fixing supervised learning models.
Relational co-clustering via manifold ensemble learning.
Supporting factual statements with evidence from the web.
A decentralized recommender system for effective web credibility assessment.
STFMap: query- and feature-driven visualization of large time series data sets.
SRGSIS: a novel framework based on social relationship graph for social image search.
Predicting primary categories of business listings for local search.
RESQ: rank-energy selective query forwarding for distributed search systems.
Optimizing data migration for cloud-based key-value stores.
Learning similarity measures based on random walks.
Shard ranking and cutoff estimation for topically partitioned collections.
Role-explicit query identification and intent role annotation.
Exploiting latent relevance for relational learning of ubiquitous things.
Model the complex dependence structures of financial variables by using canonical vine.
Scalable collaborative filtering using incremental update and local link prediction.
LINDA: distributed web-of-data-scale entity matching.
PolariCQ: polarity classification of political quotations.
Modeling semantic relations between visual attributes and object categories via dirichlet forest prior.
Learning to rank search results for time-sensitive queries.
CrowdTiles: presenting crowd-based information for event-driven information needs.
Query-biased learning to rank for real-time twitter search.
Serial position effects of clicking behavior on result pages returned by search engines.
Dynamic effects of ad impressions on commercial actions in display advertising.
Enabling direct interest-aware audience selection.
Composing activity groups in social networks.
Where do the query terms come from?: an analysis of query reformulation in collaborative web search.
MEET: a generalized framework for reciprocal recommender systems.
Mining topic-level opinion influence in microblog.
Impact neighborhood indexing (INI) in diffusion graphs.
Interest-matching information propagation in multiple online social networks.
Joint relevance and answer quality learning for question routing in community QA.
Learning to rank for hybrid recommendation.
Outlier detection using centrality and center-proximity.
A new probabilistic model for top-k ranking problem.
Leveraging read rates of passive RFID tags for real-time indoor location tracking.
Topic based pose relevance learning in dance archives.
Workshop on multimodal crowd sensing (CrowdSens 2012).
Segmenting web-domains and hashtags using length specific models.
ESA: emergency situation awareness via microbloggers.
G-SPARQL: a hybrid engine for querying large attributed graphs.
Tracing clusters in evolving graphs with node attributes.
On the connections between explicit semantic analysis and latent semantic analysis.
Adapt: adaptive database schema design for multi-tenant applications.
Decomposition-by-normalization (DBN): leveraging approximate functional dependencies for efficient tensor decomposition.
Characterizing web search queries that match very few or no results.
Detecting offensive tweets via topical feature discovery over a large scale twitter corpus.
A tool for automated evaluation of algorithms.
SonetRank: leveraging social networks to personalize search.
The 2012 international workshop on web-scale knowledge representation, retrieval, and reasoning.
Measuring robustness of complex networks under MVC attack.
Learning from mistakes: towards a correctable learning algorithm.
Automated feature weighting in naive bayes for high-dimensional data classification.
An evaluation of corpus-driven measures of medical concept similarity for information retrieval.
A hybrid approach for efficient provenance storage.
An interaction framework of service-oriented ontology learning.
Learning to recommend with social relation ensemble.
Learning to rank duplicate bug reports.
Towards an effective and unbiased ranking of scientific literature through mutual reinforcement.
Towards jointly extracting aspects and aspect-specific sentiment knowledge.
Fast candidate generation for two-phase document ranking: postings list intersection with bloom filters.
Accelerating locality preserving nonnegative matrix factorization.
Comprehension-based result snippets.
Density index and proximity search in large graphs.
Multiview hierarchical bayesian regression model andapplication to online advertising.
Exploiting concept hierarchy for result diversification.
SHB 2012: international workshop on smart health and wellbeing.
CDMW 2012 - city data management workshop: workshop summary.
On bundle configuration for viral marketing in social networks.
Prediction of retweet cascade size over time.
A summarization tool for time-sensitive social media.
iSampling: framework for developing sampling methods considering user's interest.
Efficient provenance storage for relational queries.
User activity profiling with multi-layer analysis.
Iterative relevance feedback with adaptive exploration/exploitation trade-off.
4Is of social bully filtering: identity, inference, influence, and intervention.
Primates: a privacy management system for social networks.
Exploring personal impact for group recommendation.
Maximizing revenue from strategic recommendations under decaying trust.
Non-stationary bayesian networks based on perfect simulation.
On compressing weighted time-evolving graphs.
More than relevance: high utility query recommendation by mining users' search behaviors.
Entity resolution using search engine results.
Dictionary based sparse representation for domain adaptation.
Dynamic covering for recommendation systems.
Degree relations of triangles in real-world networks and graph models.
Web-scale multi-task feature selection for behavioral targeting.
User guided entity similarity search using meta-path selection in heterogeneous information networks.
What is happening right now ... that interests me?: online topic discovery and recommendation in twitter.
Predicting emerging social conventions in online social networks.
Fast approximation of steiner trees in large graphs.
On the usefulness of query features for learning to rank.
Exploring and predicting search task difficulty.
SemaFor: semantic document indexing using semantic forests.
Content-based relevance estimation on the web using inter-document similarities.
Structured query reformulations in commerce search.
Fast multi-task learning for query spelling correction.
Predicting web search success with fine-grained interaction data.
PRAVDA-live: interactive knowledge harvesting.
Swimming against the streamz: search and analytics over the enterprise activity stream.
Interactive pattern mining on hidden data: a sampling-based solution.
Click patterns: an empirical representation of complex query intents.
Fast PCA computation in a DBMS with aggregate UDFs and LAPACK.
Sentiment-focused web crawling.
GRAFT: an approximate graphlet counting algorithm for large graph analysis.
Gelling, and melting, large graphs by edge manipulation.
A simple approach to the design of site-level extractors using domain-centric principles.
CloST: a hadoop-based storage system for big spatio-temporal data analytics.
CGStream: continuous correlated graph query for data streams.
Finding the optimal path over multi-cost graphs.
Latent topics in graph-structured data.
Social book search: comparing topical relevance judgements and book suggestions for evaluation.
If you are happy and you know it... tweet.
Interpreting keyword queries over web knowledge bases.
Hierarchical co-clustering based on entropy splitting.
PriSM: discovering and prioritizing severe technical issues from product discussion forums.
A constraint to automatically regulate document-length normalisation.
Diversionary comments under political blog posts.
An unsupervised method for author extraction from web pages containing user-generated content.
Improving document clustering using automated machine translation.
Short-text domain specific key terms/phrases extraction using an n-gram model with wikipedia.
Temporal models for microblogs.
Exploring simultaneous keyword and key sentence extraction: improve graph-based ranking using wikipedia.
Booksonline'12: 5th workshop on online books, complementary social media and their impact.
Polygene-based evolution: a novel framework for evolutionary algorithms.
Spatial influence vs. community influence: modeling the global spread of social media.
Demographic context in web search re-ranking.
Fifth workshop on exploiting semantic annotations in information retrieval: ESAIR"12).
Diversifying query results on semi-structured data.
TUT: a statistical model for detecting trends, topics and user interests in social media.
Search result presentation based on faceted clustering.
Location selection for utility maximization with capacity constraints.
Efficient influence-based processing of market research queries.
Processing continuous text queries featuring non-homogeneous scoring functions.
Providing grades and feedback for student summaries by ontology-based information extraction.
A general framework to encode heterogeneous information sources for contextual pattern mining.
Continuous top-k query for graph streams.
A probabilistic approach to correlation queries in uncertain time series data.
Alternative assessor disagreement and retrieval depth.
Joint topic modeling for event summarization across news and social media streams.
RDF pattern matching using sortable views.
DTMBIO 2012: international workshop on data and text mining in biomedical informatics.
WiSeNet: building a wikipedia-based semantic network with ontologized relations.
Mixed-initiative conversational system using question-answer pairs mined from the web.
MADden: query-driven statistical text analytics.
Task tours: helping users tackle complex search tasks.
Predicting aggregate social activities using continuous-time stochastic process.
Constructing test collections by inferring document relevance via extracted relevant information.
Meta path-based collective classification in heterogeneous information networks.
The walls have ears: optimize sharing for visibility and privacy in online social networks.
An efficient index for massive IOT data in cloud environment.
Information-complete and redundancy-free keyword search over large data graphs.
From face-to-face gathering to social structure.
GPU acceleration of probabilistic frequent itemset mining from uncertain databases.
PLEAD 2012: politics, elections and data.
PicAlert!: a system for privacy-aware image classification and retrieval.
Improving bag-of-visual-words model with spatial-temporal correlation for video retrieval.
One seed to find them all: mining opinion features via association.
Completeness of queries over SQL databases.
Demonstrating ProApproX 2.0: a predictive query engine for probabilistic XML.
Authentication of moving range queries.
Query-performance prediction and cluster ranking: two sides of the same coin.
Query-focused multi-document summarization based on query-sensitive feature space.
Predicting the effectiveness of keyword queries on databases.
Mining high utility itemsets without candidate generation.
Mathematical equation retrieval using plain words as a query.
Incorporating word correlation into tag-topic model for semantic knowledge acquisition.
Semantically coherent image annotation with a learning-based keyword propagation strategy.
Interactive and context-aware tag spell check and correction.
Loyalty-based selection: retrieving objects that persistently satisfy criteria.
Modeling topic hierarchies with the recursive chinese restaurant process.
Empirical validation of the buckley-osthus model for the web host graph: degree and edge distributions.
Community-based classification of noun phrases in twitter.
Do ads compete or collaborate?: designing click models with full relationship incorporated.
Twitter hyperlink recommendation with user-tweet-hyperlink three-way clustering.
Balanced coverage of aspects for text summarization.
Time feature selection for identifying active household members.
Selecting expansion terms as a set via integer linear programming.
Top-N recommendation through belief propagation.
Time-aware topic recommendation based on micro-blogs.
Applying weighted queries on probabilistic databases.
An efficient and simple under-sampling technique for imbalanced time series classification.
Evaluating reward and risk for vertical selection.
Dual word and document seed selection for semi-supervised sentiment classification.
GTE: a distributional second-order co-occurrence approach to improve the identification of top relevant dates in web snippets.
Daily-deal selection for revenue maximization.
Extraction of topic evolutions from references in scientific articles and its GPU acceleration.
MAGIK: managing completeness of data.
Trust prediction via aggregating heterogeneous social networks.
Fast and reliable anomaly detection in categorical data.
Two-part segmentation of text documents.
Automatically embedding newsworthy links to articles.
Collaborative ranking: improving the relevance for tail queries.
Being picky: processing top-k queries with set-defined selections.
SliceSort: efficient sorting of hierarchical data.
Schema-free structured querying of DBpedia data.
A latent pairwise preference learning approach for recommendation from implicit feedback.
On the design of IDA models for aspect-based opinion mining.
Indexing uncertain spatio-temporal data.
Session-based query performance prediction.
Multi-session re-search: in pursuit of repetition and diversification.
PathRank: a novel node ranking measure on a heterogeneous graph for recommender systems.
Query likelihood with negative query generation.
Hierarchical topic integration through semi-supervised hierarchical topic modeling.
Location-sensitive resources recommendation in social tagging systems.
Full-text citation analysis: enhancing bibliometric and scientific publication ranking.
A scalable approach for performing proximal search for verbose patent search queries.
Learning spectral embedding via iterative eigenvalue thresholding.
Using program synthesis for social recommendations.
What is the IQ of your data transformation system?
Twevent: segment-based event detection from tweets.
Effective and efficient?: bilingual sentiment lexicon extraction using collocation alignment.
Improving the performance of the reinforcement learning model for answering complex questions.
Preprocessing of informal mathematical discourse in context ofcontrolled natural language.
Compressed data structures with relevance.
Semantic context learning with large-scale weakly-labeled image set.
Deco: declarative crowdsourcing.
An analysis of systematic judging errors in information retrieval.
DUBMMSM'12: international workshop on data-driven user behavioral modeling and mining from social media.
Entity centric query expansion for enterprise search.
Frequent grams based embedding for privacy preserving record linkage.
Fast top-k similarity queries via matrix compression.
Understanding book search behavior on the web.
The wisdom of advertisers: mining subgoals via query clustering.
Efficient buffer management for piecewise linear representation of multiple data streams.
The early-adopter graph and its application to web-page recommendation.
Question-answer topic model for question retrieval in community question answering.
Scalable clustering of signed networks using balance normalized cut.
Exploring the cluster hypothesis, and cluster-based retrieval, over the web.
TASE: a time-aware search engine.
A picture paints a thousand words: a method of generating image-text timelines.
Towards measuring the visualness of a concept.
Relation regularized subspace recommending for related scientific articles.
The generalized dirichlet distribution in enhanced topic detection.
Scaling multiple-source entity resolution using statistically efficient transfer learning.
Efficient jaccard-based diversity analysis of large document collections.
Text classification with relatively small positive documents and unlabeled data.
CoNet: feature generation for multi-view semi-supervised learning with partially observed views.
Managing interoperability and compleXity in health systems - MIXHS'12.
Information propagation in social rating networks.
Survival analysis for freshness in microblogging search.
Efficient distributed locality sensitive hashing.
Learning to predict the cost-per-click for your ad words.
A positional access method for relational databases.
Data filtering in humor generation: comparative analysis of hit rate and co-occurrence rankings as a method to choose usable pun candidates.
Efficient logging for enterprise workloads on column-oriented in-memory databases.
Visualizing timelines: evolutionary summarization via iterative reinforcement between text and image streams.
InCaToMi: integrative causal topic miner between textual and non-textual time series data.
Evaluating geo-social influence in location-based social networks.
Leveraging tagging for neighborhood-aware probabilistic matrix factorization.
PIKM 2012: 5th ACM workshop for PhD students in information and knowledge management.
The nautilus analyzer: understanding and debugging data transformations.
Domain dependent query reformulation for web search.
Generating event storylines from microblogs.
The twitaholic next door.: scalable friend recommender system using a concept-sensitive hash function.
Exploring the existing category hierarchy to automatically label the newly-arising topics in cQA.
Automatic image annotation using tag-related random search over visual neighbors.
Concavity in IR models.
Generically extending anonymization algorithms to deal with successive queries.
An effective category classification method based on a language model for question category recommendation on a cQA service.
Real-time bid optimization for group-buying ads.
Diversity in blog feed retrieval.
Climbing the app wall: enabling mobile app discovery through context-aware recommendations.
Delineating social network data anonymization via random edge perturbation.
Unsupervised discovery of opposing opinion networks from forum discussions.
LUKe and MIKe: learning from user knowledge and managing interactive knowledge extraction.
Gumshoe quality toolkit: administering programmable search.
Exploiting enriched contextual information for mobile app classification.
A unified optimization framework for auction and guaranteed delivery in online advertising.
I want what i need!: analyzing subjectivity of online forum threads.
The downside of markup: examining the harmful effects of CSS and javascript on indexing today's web.
LogUCB: an explore-exploit algorithm for comments recommendation.
Importance weighted passive learning.
Quality models for microblog retrieval.
Fast and accurate incremental entity resolution relative to an entity knowledge base.
You can stop early with COLA: online processing of aggregate queries in the cloud.
Stochastic simulation of time-biased gain.
Spatial-aware interest group queries in location-based social networks.
Exploration of monte-carlo based probabilistic query processing in uncertain graphs.
On the foundations of probabilistic information integration.
Discovering personally semantic places from GPS trajectories.
An automatic blocking mechanism for large-scale de-duplication tasks.
Location-aware instant search.
A new tool for multi-level partitioning in teradata.
From sBoW to dCoT marginalized encoders for text representation.
Graph-based workflow recommendation: on improving business process modeling.
Monochromatic and bichromatic reverse nearest neighbor queries on land surfaces.
HadoopXML: a suite for parallel processing of massive XML data with multiple twig pattern queries.
Theme chronicle model: chronicle consists of timestamp and topical words over each theme.
Query recommendation for children.
Coarse-to-fine sentence-level emotion classification based on the intra-sentence features and sentential context.
DOLAP 2012 workshop summary.
Map to humans and reduce error: crowdsourcing for deduplication applied to digital libraries.
The effect of aggregated search coherence on search behavior.
Sort-based query-adaptive loading of R-trees.
Federated search in the wild: the combined power of over a hundred search engines.
PRemiSE: personalized news recommendation via implicit social experts.
Ranking news events by influence decay and information fusion for media and users.
Finding top k most influential spatial facilities over uncertain objects.
TCSST: transfer classification of short & sparse text using external data.
A math-aware search engine for math question answering system.
Mining coherent anomaly collections on web data.
Feature selection based on term frequency and T-test for text categorization.
Information preservation in static index pruning.
Variance maximization via noise injection for active sampling in learning to rank.
First international workshop on information and knowledge management for developing region.
Probabilistic ranking in fuzzy object databases.
Parallel proximal support vector machine for high-dimensional pattern classification.
Generating facets for phone-based navigation of structured data.
KORE: keyphrase overlap relatedness for entity disambiguation.
On using category experts for improving the performance and accuracy in recommender systems.
A unified learning framework for auto face annotation by mining web facial images.
Visual appearance of display ads and its effect on click through rate.
On active learning in hierarchical classification.
Crosslingual distant supervision for extracting relations of different complexity.
Discover breaking events with popular hashtags in twitter.
Content-based crowd retrieval on the real-time web.
Supporting temporal analytics for health-related events in microblogs.
Learning to rank for robust question answering.
The efficient imputation method for neighborhood-based collaborative filtering.
Local anomaly descriptor: a robust unsupervised algorithm for anomaly detection based on diffusion space.
Mining competitive relationships by learning across heterogeneous networks.
Cager: a framework for cross-page search.
Topic-sensitive probabilistic model for expert finding in question answer communities.
Language processing for arabic microblog retrieval.
PhotoFall: discovering weblog stories through photographs.
Mining long-lasting exploratory user interests from search history.
Finding nuggets in IP portfolios: core patent mining through textual temporal analysis.
Infobox suggestion for Wikipedia entities.
A word-order based graph representation for relevance identification.
Predicting query performance for fusion-based retrieval.
Efficient retrieval of recommendations in a matrix factorization framework.
CONSENTO: a new framework for opinion based entity search and summarization.
Efficient estimation of dynamic density functions with an application to outlier detection.
Credibility-based product ranking for C2C transactions.
Document-topic hierarchies from document graphs.
Learning to rank by aggregating expert preferences.
Leaving so soon?: understanding and predicting web search abandonment rationales.
Tweet classification based on their lifetime duration.
Incorporating variability in user behavior into systems based evaluation.
MOUNA: mining opinions to unveil neglected arguments.
Similarity search in 3D object-based video data.
Efficient extraction of ontologies from domain specific text corpora.
Discovering conditional inclusion dependencies.
Recommending citations: translating papers into references.
Hierarchical target type identification for entity-oriented queries.
Is wikipedia too difficult?: comparative analysis of readability of wikipedia, simple wikipedia and britannica.
A filter-based protocol for continuous queries over imprecise location data.
An examination of content farms in web search using crowdsourcing.
Predicting the performance of passage retrieval for question answering.
Mining sentiment terminology through time.
The face of quality in crowdsourcing relevance labels: demographics, personality and labeling accuracy.
Social recommendation across multiple relational domains.
Adapting vector space model to ranking-based collaborative filtering.
TwiSent: a multistage system for analyzing sentiment in twitter.
A tag-centric discriminative model for web objects classification.
Sequential selection of correlated ads by POMDPs.
Simultaneous realization of page-centric communication and search.
Making your interests follow you on twitter.
Measuring website similarity using an entity-aware click graph.
Extracting interesting association rules from toolbar data.
Incorporating occupancy into frequent pattern mining for high quality pattern recommendation.
Towards optimum query segmentation: in doubt without.
A co-training based method for chinese patent semantic annotation.
Robust distributed indexing for locality-skewed workloads.
Top-k retrieval using conditional preference networks.
Clustering Wikipedia infoboxes to discover their types.
Graph-based collective classification for tweets.
User engagement: the network effect matters!
On caption bias in interleaving experiments.
Topic-driven reader comments summarization.
An analysis of how ensembles of collective classifiers improve predictions in graphs.
Collective intelligence in the online social network of yahoo!answers and its implications.
Weighted linear kernel with tree transformed features for malware detection.
Back to the roots: a probabilistic framework for query-performance prediction.
A comprehensive analysis of parameter settings for novelty-biased cumulative gain.
Differences in effectiveness across sub-collections.
TALMUD: transfer learning for multiple domains.
Influence and similarity on heterogeneous networks.
WIDM 2012: the 12th international workshop on web information and data management.
PARMA: a parallel randomized algorithm for approximate association rules mining in MapReduce.
Customizing search results for non-native speakers.
Social contextual recommendation.
Multi-scale link prediction.
A graph-based approach for ontology population with named entities.
Matching product titles using web-based enrichment.
Pay-as-you-go maintenance of precomputed nearest neighbors in large graphs.
You should read this! let me explain you why: explaining news recommendations to users.
Acquiring temporal constraints between relations.
Shaping communities out of triangles.
Finding influential products on social domination game.
A practical concurrent index for solid-state drives.
Estimating query difficulty for news prediction retrieval.
Knowing where and how criminal organizations operate using web content.
Bridging offline and online social graph dynamics.
Discretionary social network data revelation with a user-centric utility guarantee.
Star-Join: spatio-textual similarity join.
On skyline groups.
Large-scale item categorization for e-commerce.
Active learning for relation type extension with local and global data views.
A model-based approach for RFID data stream cleansing.
Predicting CTR of new ads via click prediction.
Modeling browsing behavior for click analysis in sponsored search.
Efficient safe-region construction for moving top-K spatial keyword queries.
Learning to discover complex mappings from web forms to ontologies.
Discovering logical knowledge for deep question answering.
Influence propagation in adversarial setting: how to defeat competition with least amount of investment.
A tensor encoding model for semantic processing.
How do humans distinguish different people with identical names on the web?
Contextual evaluation of query reformulations in a search session by user simulation.
Keyword-based k-nearest neighbor search in spatial databases.
Maximum margin clustering on evolutionary data.
An evaluation and enhancement of densitometric fragmentation for content slicing reuse.
Metaphor: a system for related search recommendations.
Cross-argument inference for implicit discourse relation recognition.
Joint bilingual name tagging for parallel corpora.
On empirical tradeoffs in large scale hierarchical classification.
DQR: a probabilistic approach to diversified query recommendation.
AMADA: web data repositories in the amazon cloud.
BiasTrust: teaching biased users about controversial topics.
A probabilistic approach to mining geospatial knowledge from social annotations.
Real-time aggregate monitoring with differential privacy.
Large scale analysis of changes in english vocabulary over recent time.
Author-conference topic-connection model for academic network search.
Contextualization using hyperlinks and internal hierarchical structure of Wikipedia documents.
Automatic query expansion based on tag recommendation.
Knowledge Discovery in Databases: Papers from the 1994 AAAI Workshop, Seattle, Washington, July 1994. Technical Report WS-94-03
Proceedings of the Fifth ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, San Diego, CA, USA, August 15-18, 1999
Proceedings of the seventh ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining, San Francisco, CA, USA, August 26-29, 2001
Proceedings of the sixth ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining, Boston, MA, USA, August 20-23, 2000
Proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD-98), New York City, New York, USA, August 27-31, 1998
Proceedings of the Third International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD-97), Newport Beach, California, USA, August 14-17, 1997
Proceedings of the First International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD-95), Montreal, Canada, August 20-21, 1995
Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD-96), Portland, Oregon, USA
Online Induction of Probabilistic Real Time Automata.
12th IEEE International Conference on Data Mining, ICDM 2012, Brussels, Belgium, December 10-13, 2012
CT-IC: Continuously Activated and Time-Restricted Independent Cascade Model for Viral Marketing.
Sparse Bayesian Adversarial Learning Using Relevance Vector Machine Ensembles.
Estimating the Expected Effectiveness of Text Classification Solutions under Subclass Distribution Shifts.
Detecting Spam and Promoting Campaigns in the Twitter Social Network.
Dynamic Multi-relational Chinese Restaurant Process for Analyzing Influences on Users in Social Media.
Co-labeling: A New Multi-view Learning Approach for Ambiguous Problems.
IceCube: Efficient Targeted Mining in Data Cubes.
Decision Theory for Discrimination-Aware Classification.
Automatically Discovering Talented Musicians with Acoustic Analysis of YouTube Videos.
Inferring the Underlying Structure of Information Cascades.
Robust Matrix Completion via Joint Schatten p-Norm and lp-Norm Minimization.
An AdaBoost Algorithm for Multiclass Semi-supervised Learning.
Signal Disaggregation via Sparse Coding with Featured Discriminative Dictionary.
Inductive Model Generation for Text Categorization Using a Bipartite Heterogeneous Network.
Tuple MapReduce: Beyond Classic MapReduce.
Cross-Language Opinion Target Extraction in Review Texts.
Dynamic Boolean Matrix Factorizations.
Reconstructing Graphs from Neighborhood Data.
Topic-Aware Social Influence Propagation Models.
Towards Active Learning on Graphs: An Error Bound Minimization Approach.
Diffusion of Information in Social Networks: Is It All Local?
Metric Learning from Relative Comparisons by Minimizing Squared Residual.
Direct Discovery of High Utility Itemsets without Candidate Generation.
Class Probability Estimates are Unreliable for Imbalanced Data (and How to Fix Them).
Predicting Links in Multi-relational and Heterogeneous Networks.
Learning Attitudes and Attributes from Multi-aspect Reviews.
Cost-Sensitive Online Classification.
Efficient Algorithms for Finding Richer Subgroup Descriptions in Numeric and Nominal Data.
A Stochastic Model for Context-Aware Anomaly Detection in Indoor Location Traces.
Scalable Training of Sparse Linear SVMs.
Exclusive Row Biclustering for Gene Expression Using a Combinatorial Auction Approach.
Low Dimensional Localized Clustering (LDLC).
Bounded Matrix Low Rank Approximation.
Community Preserving Lossy Compression of Social Networks.
Hierarchical Multilabel Classification with Minimum Bayes Risk.
Geodesic Based Semi-supervised Multi-manifold Feature Extraction.
Learning Heterogeneous Similarity Measures for Hybrid-Recommendations in Meta-Mining.
Discovery of Causal Rules Using Partial Association.
Student-t Based Robust Spatio-temporal Prediction.
Defining and Evaluating Network Communities Based on Ground-Truth.
IRIE: Scalable and Robust Influence Maximization in Social Networks.
Multiple Kernel Learning Clustering with an Application to Malware.
Utilizing Real-World Transportation Data for Accurate Traffic Prediction.
Handling Ambiguity via Input-Output Kernel Learning.
GPU-Accelerated Feature Selection for Outlier Detection Using the Local Kernel Density Ratio.
Rough Set Subspace Error-Correcting Output Codes.
Self-Training with Selection-by-Rejection.
A Novel Semantic Smoothing Method Based on Higher Order Paths for Text Classification.
Towards Automatic Image Understanding and Mining via Social Curation.
Multi-task Semi-supervised Semantic Feature Learning for Classification.
Rapid and Robust Denoising of Pyrosequenced Amplicons for Metagenomics.
A New Proposal for Score Normalization in Biometric Signature Recognition Based on Client Threshold Prediction.
An Ellipsoidal K-Means for Document Clustering.
Estimating Local Information Trustworthiness via Multi-source Joint Matrix Factorization.
Local and Global Algorithms for Learning Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
Labels vs. Pairwise Constraints: A Unified View of Label Propagation and Constrained Spectral Clustering.
Profit Maximization over Social Networks.
Sparse Group Selection on Fused Lasso Components for Identifying Group-Specific DNA Copy Number Variations.
Clustering by Learning Constraints Priorities.
Multiplicative Algorithms for Constrained Non-negative Matrix Factorization.
Robust Nonnegative Matrix Factorization via Half-Quadratic Minimization.
Efficient Pattern-Based Time Series Classification on GPU.
Self-Adjusting Models for Semi-supervised Learning in Partially Observed Settings.
Collaborative Filtering with Aspect-Based Opinion Mining: A Tensor Factorization Approach.
Efficient Learning for Hashing Proportional Data.
Risks of Friendships on Social Networks.
Progressive Mining of Transition Dynamics for Autonomous Control.
Isometric Multi-manifold Learning for Feature Extraction.
Clustering Time Series Using Unsupervised-Shapelets.
Online Maritime Abnormality Detection Using Gaussian Processes and Extreme Value Theory.
Dimensional Testing for Multi-step Similarity Search.
Sparse Subspace Representation for Spectral Document Clustering.
Time Constrained Influence Maximization in Social Networks.
A Cluster-Oriented Genetic Algorithm for Alternative Clustering.
Adapting Component Analysis.
Hashing with Generalized Nyström Approximation.
High Performance Offline and Online Distributed Collaborative Filtering.
Computational Television Advertising.
Kernel-Based Weighted Multi-view Clustering.
Sequential Alternating Proximal Method for Scalable Sparse Structural SVMs.
An Approach to Evaluate the Local Completeness of an Event Log.
A Semi-definite Positive Linear Discriminant Analysis and Its Applications.
The Mixture of Multi-kernel Relevance Vector Machines Model.
Multi-task Learning for Classifying Proteins Using Dual Hierarchies.
Deep Learning to Hash with Multiple Representations.
Reliable Clustering on Uncertain Graphs.
Spatial Interpolation Using Multiple Regression.
Community-Affiliation Graph Model for Overlapping Network Community Detection.
Simultaneously Combining Multi-view Multi-label Learning with Maximum Margin Classification.
ConfDTree: Improving Decision Trees Using Confidence Intervals.
Spotting Culprits in Epidemics: How Many and Which Ones?
Efficient Episode Mining of Dynamic Event Streams.
Efficient Kernel Clustering Using Random Fourier Features.
Outlier Ranking via Subspace Analysis in Multiple Views of the Data.
Link Prediction and Recommendation across Heterogeneous Social Networks.
Active Label Correction.
Self-Taught Active Learning from Crowds.
Mining Personal Context-Aware Preferences for Mobile Users.
Feature Weighting and Selection Using Hypothesis Margin of Boosting.
Robust Prediction and Outlier Detection for Spatial Datasets.
Granger Causality for Time-Series Anomaly Detection.
Transductive Representation Learning for Cross-Lingual Text Classification.
Mining User Mobility Features for Next Place Prediction in Location-Based Services.
A Classification Based Framework for Concept Summarization.
Assessing the Significance of Data Mining Results on Graphs with Feature Vectors.
Towards Annotating Media Contents through Social Diffusion Analysis.
Co-clustering of Multi-view Datasets: A Parallelizable Approach.
Analysis of Temporal High-Dimensional Gene Expression Data for Identifying Informative Biomarker Candidates.
Scaling Inference for Markov Logic via Dual Decomposition.
Outlier Detection in Arbitrarily Oriented Subspaces.
A General and Scalable Approach to Mixed Membership Clustering.
Graph-Oriented Learning via Automatic Group Sparsity for Data Analysis.
Efficient Behavior Targeting Using SVM Ensemble Indexing.
A General Framework for Publishing Privacy Protected and Utility Preserved Graph.
Unsupervised Multi-class Regularized Least-Squares Classification.
Robust Ensemble Clustering by Matrix Completion.
Low-Rank Transfer Subspace Learning.
Stream Classification with Recurring and Novel Class Detection Using Class-Based Ensemble.
Detecting Anomalies in Bipartite Graphs with Mutual Dependency Principles.
Dimensionality Reduction on Heterogeneous Feature Space.
Scalable and Memory-Efficient Clustering of Large-Scale Social Networks.
Active Evaluation of Classifiers on Large Datasets.
A New Anomaly Detection Algorithm Based on Quantum Mechanics.
Distributed Matrix Completion.
Differentially Private Histogram Publishing through Lossy Compression.
Sequential Network Change Detection with Its Applications to Ad Impact Relation Analysis.
Semantic Aspect Discovery for Online Reviews.
Heterogeneous Constraint Propagation with Constrained Sparse Representation.
Healing Truncation Bias: Self-Weighted Truncation Framework for Dual Averaging.
ETM: Entity Topic Models for Mining Documents Associated with Entities.
Fast Kernel Sparse Representation Approaches for Classification.
Predicting Directed Links Using Nondiagonal Matrix Decompositions.
Understanding Data Completeness in Network Monitoring Systems.
Nested Subtree Hash Kernels for Large-Scale Graph Classification over Streams.
GUISE: Uniform Sampling of Graphlets for Large Graph Analysis.
Effective and Robust Mining of Temporal Subspace Clusters.
Mining Permission Request Patterns from Android and Facebook Applications.
Scalable Coordinate Descent Approaches to Parallel Matrix Factorization for Recommender Systems.
Clash of the Contagions: Cooperation and Competition in Information Diffusion.
Topic Models over Spoken Language.
Ensemble Pruning via Constrained Eigen-Optimization.
RankTopic: Ranking Based Topic Modeling.
A Similarity Model and Segmentation Algorithm for White Matter Fiber Tracts.
Inferring the Root Cause in Road Traffic Anomalies.
Privacy-Preserving SimRank over Distributed Information Network.
Socialized Gaussian Process Model for Human Behavior Prediction in a Health Social Network.
Parallelization with Multiplicative Algorithms for Big Data Mining.
Hierarchical Multi-task Learning with Application to Wafer Quality Prediction.
Learning to Refine an Automatically Extracted Knowledge Base Using Markov Logic.
Learning Target Predictive Function without Target Labels.
Continuous Relaxation and Local Maxima Selection: Conditions for Equivalence.
An Approach to Medical Diagnosis Based on Conceptual Structures.
Conversation as Planned Behavior.
A Prover for General Inequalities.
Learning Production Rules for Consultation Systems.
Describing Natural Textures.
An Introduction to Non-Monotonic Logic.
Symmetry Analysis of Two-Dimensional Patterns for Computer Vision.
The Role of Object Primitives in Natural Language Processing.
A Case Study of EXPERT Formalism - An Approach to a Design of Medical Consultation System through EXPERT Formalism.
Use of Thematic Information to Speed Search of Semantic Nets.
A System for Fuzzy Reasoning.
Knowledge Engineering in Nuclear Physics.
Visual Mapping by a Robot Rover.
The Interaction of Observation and Inference in a Formal Representation System.
Tree Analysis Techniques in Tsumego.
A Knowledge-Based Interactive Robot-vision System.
A Domain-Independent Production-Rule System for Consultation Programs.
LISP Activities in Japan.
A Compact Relational Structure Representation.
An Active Frame for the Knowledge Representation.
An Overview of an Automatically Compilable Hierarchical Definition Matcher.
Sub-problem Finder and Instance Checker: Two Cooperating Preprocessors for Theorem Provers.
A Facsimile Based Text Editor Using Handwritten Mark Recognition.
A Learning System Able to Synthesize Arithmetical Functions.
Failure Processing in a System for Designing Complex Assemblies.
Understanding Medical Jargon as If It Were a Natural Language.
Automatic Program Debugging.
Automotive Stereo Vision Using Deconvolution Technique.
EXPERT: A System for Developing Consultation Models.
Associative Commutative Pattern Matching.
Proceedings of the Sixth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, IJCAI 79, Tokyo, Japan, August 20-23, 1979, 2 Volumes
Word Expert Parsing.
An Automatic Theorem Prover Generating a Proof in Natural Language.
Speech Training Systems Using Lateral Shapes of Vocal Tract and F1-F2 Diagram for Hearing-Impaired Children.
Inferring the Direction of the Sun from Intensity Values on a Generalised Cone.
Centered Logic: The Role of Entity Centered Sentence Representation in Natural Language Inferencing.
ALVEN: A Study on Motion Understanding by Computer.
Problem Solving of Elementary Algebra by Hierarchical Abstraction.
Automatic Determination of Image-to-Database Correspondences.
AGE (Attempt to Generalize): A Knowledge-Based Program for Building Knowledge-Based Programs.
Learning of Abstractions from Structural Descriptions of Pictures.
An Automobile with Artificial Intelligence.
Building and Exploiting User Models.
S-Net: A Foundation for Knowledge Representation Languages.
Hierarchical Concepts Structure for Natural Language Understanding System.
Meta-Knowledge and Cognition.
A Glimpse of Truth Maintenance.
Theory of Self-Organizing Nerve Nets with Special Reference to Association and Concept Formation.
The Origin and Resolution of Ambiguities in Causal Arguments.
Hierarchical Reasoning in the Game of Go.
Time in Robots and Dialog Systems.
Representation of Dynamic Clinical Knowledge: Measurement Interpretation in the Intensive Care Unit.
An Infinite-Connected Words Recognition System for Male Speakers Using Time-Space Dynamic Programming.
Structural Analysis of Complex Aerial Photographs.
Parallel-Serial Production Systems with Many Working Memories.
Mechanizing a Particularly Expressive Many Sorted Logic.
Numerical Quantifiers and Their Use in Reasoning with Negative Information.
Meta-Interpretation of Recursive List-Processing Programs.
Recognition in a Program Understanding System.
A Production System for Region Analysis.
How Not to Say "NIL": Improving Answers to Failing Queries in Data Base Systems.
A Technique for Managing the Lexicon in a Natural Language Interface to a Changing Data Base.
A Parallel Searching Scheme for Multiprocessor Systems and Its Application to Combinatorial Problems.
Operationalizing Heuristics: Some AI Methods for Assisting AI Programming.
Recognition of Handprinted Alphanumerics, Symbols and "Katakana" Characters.
Property Driven Data Bases.
Plan-Guided Analysis of Noisy Dynamic Images.
The X-0-0 Heuristic in Game Tree Analysis.
Computer Models of Human Personality Traits.
Representation and Efficiency in a Production System for Speech Understanding.
A Two Level Modular System for Natural Language Understanding.
The Experimental LISP Machine.
On Inheritance in Knowledge Representation.
Towards Understanding Color Ocular Fundus Images.
Detection of the Movements of Men for Autonomous Vehicles.
Modelling and Monitoring Manipulation Environment.
Computer Control of Multijoined Finger System.
Toward Efficiency Trough Generality.
Music Information Processing System and Its Applications to Comparative Musicology.
Results in Knowledge-Based Program Synthesis.
Question-Answering System of Charles University.
Conceptual Lattice: A Unified Model for Medical Inference Processes.
Shape from Texture: An Aggregation Transform that Maps a Class of Textures into Surface Orientation.
Graceful Interaction in Man-Machine Communication.
The Synthesis of Programs by Analogy.
Relational Strategies for Processing Universally Quantified Queries to Large Data Bases.
Relating Properties of Surface Curvature to Image Intensity.
Towards a Mathematical Theory of Program Synthesis.
ETHER - A Parallel Problem Solving System.
A Model of Dialog Based on Fuzzy Set Concept.
Problems with Parts.
Making Aesthetic Choices.
Conditional Answers in Question-Answering Systems.
A Logic Representation of Manufacturing Control.
A Measure of Closeness of Weak Implication to Strict Implication.
Retrieving Information from an Episodic Memory, or Why Computers' Memories Should Be More Like People's.
An Examination of a Frame-Structured Representation System.
A Polarimetric Approach to Shape Understanding of Glossy Objects.
Fuzzy Conditional Inferences and Fuzzy Inferences with Fuzzy Quantifiers.
SUPP: Understanding Moving Picture Patterns Based on Linguistic Knowledge.
A Theory of the Origami World.
Experience with the Evaluation of Natural Language Question Answerers.
PUS, A Paradigmatic Language Acquisition System: An Overview.
A Learning System and Its Psychological Implications.
Heuristics for Knowledge Acquisition from Maps.
Automatic Construction of Junction Dictionaries and Their Exploitation for the Analysis of Range Data.
Experimental Japanese Language Question Answering System MSSS78 - Using Case Patterns with Procedures.
A Method for Automatically Analyzing Programs.
Towards Minimal Data Structures for Deterministic Parsing.
Rediscovering Physics with BACON.3.
Quantitative Evaluation of Transmission of Meaning.
Alternative Parsers for Conceptual Dependency: Getting There is Half the Fun.
Browsing in Large Data Bases.
Reasoning in Incomplete Domains.
Theoretical Basis for a Knowledge Representation System.
Quantification in a Three-Valued Logic for Natural Language Question-Answering Systems.
Knowledge-Driven Interpretation of ESCA Spectra.
Prototypes and Production Rules: An Approach to Knowledge Representation for Hypothesis Formation.
Manipulation Extrapolation: A System for Controlling Trainable Robots.
Controlling Knowledge Deduction in a Declarative Approach.
Surface-Normals from Closed Paths.
The Execution of Plans in an Independent Dynamic Microworld.
A Knowledge-Based System for Locating Missing High Cards in Bridge.
Japanese Word Processor.
Extraction of Items from Abstracts.
JETS: Achieving Completeness through Coverage and Closure.
Structured Inheritance Networks and Natural Language Understanding.
Learning Structural Descriptions of Grammar Rules from Examples.
Prediction and Substantiation: Two Processes that Comprise Understanding.
Modelling Intentional Behavior Generation.
A Prover for Parallel Processes.
From History to Computer Science: A Formalization of the Inferential Processes of an Historian.
Dependency Directed Reasoning in the Analysis of Programs which Modify Complex Data Structures.
Using Plans in Chess.
Boundary Detection of Textured Regions.
Common-Sense Knowledge of Space: Learning from Experience.
Grammatical Inference on the Basis of Linear Environments of Symbol Strings.
Description of Textures by a Structural Analysis.
A Multi-level Planning and Navigation System for a Mobile Robot: A First Approach to HILARE.
Consistency of Theories of Ideas.
Knowledge-Based Experiment Design in Molecular Genetics.
A Framework for Distributed Problem Solving.
A Semantic Network of Production Rules in a System for Describing Computer Structures.
An Understanding System of Natural Language and Pictorial Pattern in the World of Weather Report.
Interactive Theorem Proving on Hierarchically and Modularly Structured Set of Very Many Axioms.
LISP Machine NK3 and Measurement of Its Performance.
Increasing Tree Search Efficiency for Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
On Syntax-Directed, Semantics-Supported Program Synthesis.
Structure and Function of the CRYSALIS System.
Scheduling of Processes in a Speech Understanding System Based on Approximate Reasoning.
Formal Objects and Feature Associations in "ARGOS-II".
A Basic Model for Learning Systems.
An Application of Decision Analysis to Strategy-Making in Game Playing.
Learning and Generalization of Characteristic Descriptions: Evaluation Criteria and Comparative Review of Selected Methods.
Implementing Search Heuristics Using the AL1 Advice-Taking System.
On the Construction of Evaluation Functions for Large Domains.
A Natural Programming Calculus.
Resolution in a New Modal Logic.
A Knowledge-Based Approach to Using Efficiency Estimation in Program Synthesis.
Experience with ROBOT in 12 Commercial, Natural Language Data Base Query Applications.
Understanding Complex Situations.
A System which Synthesizes Array-Manipulating Programs from Specifications.
Characterization of a Class of Functions Synthesized from Examples by a SUMMERS Like Method Using a "B.M.W." Matching Technique.
Learning to Use Analogies.
KNOBS: An Experimental Knowledge Based Tactical Air Mission Planning System and a Rule Based Aircraft Identification Simulation Facility.
Linear Feature Extraction and Description.
A Model for Perception of Structural Image Feature.
The Roles of Knowledge and Deduction in Program Synthesis.
Interfacing a Semantic Net with an Augmented Transition Network.
Coreference in a Frame Database.
Motion and Structure from Optical Flow.
Automatic Discovery of Heuristics for Nondeterministic Programs.
An Analysis of Generalization as a Search Problem.
The Application of Artificial Intelligence Techniques to Cooperative Distributed Processing.
The Role of Plans in Automated Consultation.
Overview of the Programmer's Apprentice.
An Application of the Photometric Stereo Method.
A Knowledge Directed Line Finder for Analysis of Complex Scenes.
The Framework of Knowledge Representation and Its Retrieval in LGS - Literature Guide System.
Program Synthesis from Natural Deduction Proofs.
The Counterplanning Process: Reasoning under Adversity.
A Deductive Approach to Program Synthesis.
Image Processing by Experimental Arrayed Processor.
Network Truth Maintenance for Deduction and Modelling.
Controlling Question Asking in a Medical Expert System.
Modeling Planning as an Incremental, Opportunistic Process.
Object Detection and Measurement Using Stereo Vision.
Hierarchical Production System.
A Knowledge-Based Application Definition System.
SACON: A Knowledge-Based Consultant for Structural Analysis.
Predictive Control Parser: Extended LINGOL.
Inductive Learning of Categories from Examples Using Minimum Cost Representations.
The ACRONYM Model-Based Vision System.
The Structure and Performance of the INTERIM.2 Go Program.
The Theorem Prover Using a Parallel Processing System.
Interactive Graph Production System.
Self-Organization of a Neural Network which Gives Position-Invariant Response.
Dynamic Speech Discrimination Using an Articulatory Model.
A Framework for Control in Production Systems.
Resolution Plans in Theorem Proving.
Speech Acts and Multiple Environments.
A Scrabble Crossword Game Playing Program.
An Inference Net Compiler for the PROSPECTOR Rule-Based Consultation System.
Approximate Reasoning Based on Fuzzy Logic.
SYSP: A New Programming Language for the Next Generation.
Visual Analog Representations for Natural Languages Understanding.
Biological Software.
Dialogue Management for Rule-Based Tutorials.
Testing Correctness of Strategies in Game-Playing Programs.
Preliminary Performance Analysis of the PROSPECTOR Consultant System for Mineral Exploration.
Propositional Attitudes: Fregean Representation and Simulative Reasoning.
A Computational Approach to the Study of Human Skill Acquisition.
Parsing Directly into Knowledge Structures.
The Conceptual Content of Conversation.
Extraction of Moving Object Images Through Change Detection.
Inducing Function Properties from Computation Traces.
Hierarchical Planning in a Distributed Environment.
A Procedural Representation of Lexical Entries in Augmented Transition Network Grammar.
Region Segmentation of Images by Expansion and Contraction of Edge Points.
Three Dimensional Movement Analysis of Dynamic Line Images.
An Empirical Method that Provides a Basis for the Organization of Relaxation Labeling Processes for Vision.
A Problem Similarity Approach to Devising Heuristics: First Results.
A Parallel Tree Search Method.
Knowledge-Based Problem Solving by a Labelled Production System.
Cognitive Economy in Artificial Intelligence Systems.
Co-ordinate Square: Solution to Many Chess Pawn Endgames.
Proceedings of the 29th International Conference on Machine Learning, ICML 2012, Edinburgh, Scotland, UK, June 26 - July 1, 2012
Max-Margin Nonparametric Latent Feature Models for Link Prediction.
Approximate Modified Policy Iteration.
High-Dimensional Covariance Decomposition into Sparse Markov and Independence Domains.
Groupwise Constrained Reconstruction for Subspace Clustering.
Data-driven Web Design.
Fast Prediction of New Feature Utility.
Convergence Rates for Differentially Private Statistical Estimation.
Parallelizing Exploration-Exploitation Tradeoffs with Gaussian Process Bandit Optimization.
Bayesian Posterior Sampling via Stochastic Gradient Fisher Scoring.
Discovering Support and Affiliated Features from Very High Dimensions.
Statistical linear estimation with penalized estimators: an application to reinforcement learning.
Efficient Active Algorithms for Hierarchical Clustering.
Variance Function Estimation in High-dimensions.
Copula-based Kernel Dependency Measures.
Latent Multi-group Membership Graph Model.
Nonparametric variational inference.
Online Alternating Direction Method.
PAC-Bayesian Generalization Bound on Confusion Matrix for Multi-Class Classification.
Poisoning Attacks against Support Vector Machines.
Complexity Analysis of the Lasso Regularization Path.
Consistent Covariance Selection From Data With Missing Values.
Maximum Margin Output Coding.
Learning Invariant Representations with Local Transformations.
Latent Collaborative Retrieval.
Bayesian Efficient Multiple Kernel Learning.
Lognormal and Gamma Mixed Negative Binomial Regression.
Distributed Tree Kernels.
A Hybrid Algorithm for Convex Semidefinite Optimization.
Approximate Principal Direction Trees.
Analysis of Kernel Mean Matching under Covariate Shift.
Manifold Relevance Determination.
Bayesian Optimal Active Search and Surveying.
Fast Computation of Subpath Kernel for Trees.
Communications Inspired Linear Discriminant Analysis.
Similarity Learning for Provably Accurate Sparse Linear Classification.
TrueLabel + Confusions: A Spectrum of Probabilistic Models in Analyzing Multiple Ratings.
Learning Parameterized Skills.
Flexible Modeling of Latent Task Structures in Multitask Learning.
Convergence of the EM Algorithm for Gaussian Mixtures with Unbalanced Mixing Coefficients.
Large-Scale Feature Learning With Spike-and-Slab Sparse Coding.
A Topic Model for Melodic Sequences.
AOSO-LogitBoost: Adaptive One-Vs-One LogitBoost for Multi-Class Problem.
Discriminative Probabilistic Prototype Learning.
Monte Carlo Bayesian Reinforcement Learning.
Information-theoretic Semi-supervised Metric Learning via Entropy Regularization.
Estimation of Simultaneously Sparse and Low Rank Matrices.
Sequential Nonparametric Regression.
Compositional Planning Using Optimal Option Models.
Anytime Marginal MAP Inference.
Consistent Multilabel Ranking through Univariate Losses.
Policy Gradients with Variance Related Risk Criteria.
How To Grade a Test Without Knowing the Answers - A Bayesian Graphical Model for Adaptive Crowdsourcing and Aptitude Testing.
Multiple Kernel Learning from Noisy Labels by Stochastic Programming.
An adaptive algorithm for finite stochastic partial monitoring.
Dependent Hierarchical Normalized Random Measures for Dynamic Topic Modeling.
Bayesian Conditional Cointegration.
Using CCA to improve CCA: A new spectral method for estimating vector models of words.
Modeling Latent Variable Uncertainty for Loss-based Learning.
The Convexity and Design of Composite Multiclass Losses.
Conditional Sparse Coding and Grouped Multivariate Regression.
Joint Optimization and Variable Selection of High-dimensional Gaussian Processes.
Revisiting k-means: New Algorithms via Bayesian Nonparametrics.
A Convex Feature Learning Formulation for Latent Task Structure Discovery.
Variational Inference in Non-negative Factorial Hidden Markov Models for Efficient Audio Source Separation.
A Binary Classification Framework for Two-Stage Multiple Kernel Learning.
Exact Soft Confidence-Weighted Learning.
Dimensionality Reduction by Local Discriminative Gaussians.
Semi-Supervised Learning of Class Balance under Class-Prior Change by Distribution Matching.
An Efficient Approach to Sparse Linear Discriminant Analysis.
Adaptive Canonical Correlation Analysis Based On Matrix Manifolds.
A Generative Process for Contractive Auto-Encoders.
A Proximal-Gradient Homotopy Method for the L1-Regularized Least-Squares Problem.
On the Equivalence between Herding and Conditional Gradient Algorithms.
A Unified Robust Classification Model.
Fast Training of Nonlinear Embedding Algorithms.
The Most Persistent Soft-Clique in a Set of Sampled Graphs.
The Greedy Miser: Learning under Test-time Budgets.
Fast classification using sparse decision DAGs.
Incorporating Causal Prior Knowledge as Path-Constraints in Bayesian Networks and Maximal Ancestral Graphs.
Predicting Consumer Behavior in Commerce Search.
Canonical Trends: Detecting Trend Setters in Web Data.
A Graphical Model Formulation of Collaborative Filtering Neighbourhood Methods with Fast Maximum Entropy Training.
Conversational Speech Transcription Using Context-Dependent Deep Neural Networks.
Utilizing Static Analysis and Code Generation to Accelerate Neural Networks.
LPQP for MAP: Putting LP Solvers to Better Use.
Capturing topical content with frequency and exclusivity.
Greedy Algorithms for Sparse Reinforcement Learning.
Semi-Supervised Collective Classification via Hybrid Label Regularization.
Multi-level Lasso for Sparse Multi-task Regression.
Approximate Dynamic Programming By Minimizing Distributionally Robust Bounds.
A Combinatorial Algebraic Approach for the Identifiability of Low-Rank Matrix Completion.
Feature Selection via Probabilistic Outputs.
No-Regret Learning in Extensive-Form Games with Imperfect Recall.
Submodular Inference of Diffusion Networks from Multiple Trees.
PAC Subset Selection in Stochastic Multi-armed Bandits.
Learning the Experts for Online Sequence Prediction.
A Joint Model of Language and Perception for Grounded Attribute Learning.
On Local Regret.
Total Variation and Euler's Elastica for Supervised Learning.
Large Scale Variational Bayesian Inference for Structured Scale Mixture Models.
Learning Efficient Structured Sparse Models.
A Simple Algorithm for Semi-supervised Learning with Improved Generalization Error Bound.
Linear Off-Policy Actor-Critic.
A fast and simple algorithm for training neural probabilistic language models.
Clustering by Low-Rank Doubly Stochastic Matrix Decomposition.
Batch Active Learning via Coordinated Matching.
Improved Nystrom Low-rank Decomposition with Priors.
Learning with Augmented Features for Heterogeneous Domain Adaptation.
Infinite Tucker Decomposition: Nonparametric Bayesian Models for Multiway Data Analysis.
Tighter Variational Representations of f-Divergences via Restriction to Probability Measures.
Demand-Driven Clustering in Relational Domains for Predicting Adverse Drug Events.
Structured Learning from Partial Annotations.
Efficient Decomposed Learning for Structured Prediction.
Making Gradient Descent Optimal for Strongly Convex Stochastic Optimization.
On multi-view feature learning.
Evaluating Bayesian and L1 Approaches for Sparse Unsupervised Learning .
The Nonparametric Metadata Dependent Relational Model.
Information-Theoretical Learning of Discriminative Clusters for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation.
Path Integral Policy Improvement with Covariance Matrix Adaptation.
Predicting accurate probabilities with a ranking loss.
Hybrid Batch Bayesian Optimization.
An Iterative Locally Linear Embedding Algorithm.
Near-Optimal BRL using Optimistic Local Transitions.
Learning to Label Aerial Images from Noisy Data.
On the Partition Function and Random Maximum A-Posteriori Perturbations.
An Infinite Latent Attribute Model for Network Data.
Subgraph Matching Kernels for Attributed Graphs.
Exemplar-SVMs for Visual Ob ject Detection, Label Transfer and Image Retrieval.
Conditional mean embeddings as regressors.
On-Line Portfolio Selection with Moving Average Reversion.
Deep Mixtures of Factor Analysers.
Learning the Dependence Graph of Time Series with Latent Factors.
Distributed Parameter Estimation via Pseudo-likelihood .
Smoothness and Structure Learning by Proxy .
Improved Estimation in Time Varying Models.
Safe Exploration in Markov Decision Processes .
The Big Data Bootstrap.
Clustering using Max-norm Constrained Optimization.
Two Manifold Problems with Applications to Nonlinear System Identification.
Levy Measure Decompositions for the Beta and Gamma Processes.
On the Sample Complexity of Reinforcement Learning with a Generative Model .
Comparison-Based Learning with Rank Nets.
Cross Language Text Classification via Subspace Co-regularized Multi-view Learning .
Optimizing F-measure: A Tale of Two Approaches.
Group Sparse Additive Models.
Building high-level features using large scale unsupervised learning.
A Hierarchical Dirichlet Process Model with Multiple Levels of Clustering for Human EEG Seizure Modeling.
Stability of matrix factorization for collaborative filtering.
Machine Learning that Matters.
Gap Filling in the Plant Kingdom - Trait Prediction Using Hierarchical Probabilistic Matrix Factorization.
Minimizing The Misclassification Error Rate Using a Surrogate Convex Loss.
Plug-in martingales for testing exchangeability on-line.
Gaussian Process Regression Networks.
Exact Maximum Margin Structure Learning of Bayesian Networks.
On the Size of the Online Kernel Sparsification Dictionary.
Is margin preserved after random projection?.
Projection-free Online Learning.
Unachievable Region in Precision-Recall Space and Its Effect on Empirical Evaluation.
Apprenticeship Learning for Model Parameters of Partially Observable Environments.
Output Space Search for Structured Prediction.
Lightning Does Not Strike Twice: Robust MDPs with Coupled Uncertainty.
Variational Bayesian Inference with Stochastic Search.
Stochastic Smoothing for Nonsmooth Minimizations: Accelerating SGD by Exploiting Structure.
Collaborative Topic Regression with Social Matrix Factorization for Recommendation Systems.
High Dimensional Semiparametric Gaussian Copula Graphical Models.
Quasi-Newton Methods: A New Direction.
Modeling Temporal Dependencies in High-Dimensional Sequences: Application to Polyphonic Music Generation and Transcription.
On the Difficulty of Nearest Neighbor Search.
Robust Classification with Adiabatic Quantum Optimization.
Influence Maximization in Continuous Time Diffusion Networks.
Shortest path distance in random k-nearest neighbor graphs.
Gaussian Process Quantile Regression using Expectation Propagation.
Ensemble Methods for Convex Regression with Applications to Geometric Programming Based Circuit Design.
Bounded Planning in Passive POMDPs.
Online Structured Prediction via Coactive Learning.
Incorporating Domain Knowledge in Matching Problems via Harmonic Analysis.
Robust Multiple Manifold Structure Learning.
Fast approximation of matrix coherence and statistical leverage.
State-Space Inference for Non-Linear Latent Force Models with Application to Satellite Orbit Prediction.
A Bayesian Approach to Approximate Joint Diagonalization of Square Matrices.
Convex Multitask Learning with Flexible Task Clusters.
Agnostic System Identification for Model-Based Reinforcement Learning.
Compact Hyperplane Hashing with Bilinear Functions.
Residual Components Analysis.
Bayesian Nonexhaustive Learning for Online Discovery and Modeling of Emerging Classes.
Artist Agent: A Reinforcement Learning Approach to Automatic Stroke Generation in Oriental Ink Painting.
Hierarchical Exploration for Accelerating Contextual Bandits.
Convergence Rates of Biased Stochastic Optimization for Learning Sparse Ising Models.
Learning Force Control Policies for Compliant Robotic Manipulation.
Training Restricted Boltzmann Machines on Word Observations.
A convex relaxation for weakly supervised classifiers.
Sparse Support Vector Infinite Push.
The Landmark Selection Method for Multiple Output Prediction.
Improved Information Gain Estimates for Decision Tree Induction.
Marginalized Denoising Autoencoders for Domain Adaptation.
An Online Boosting Algorithm with Theoretical Justifications.
Efficient Structured Prediction with Latent Variables for General Graphical Models.
Linear Regression with Limited Observation.
Sparse stochastic inference for latent Dirichlet allocation.
A Complete Analysis of the l_1, p Group-Lasso.
Copula Mixture Model for Dependency-seeking Clustering.
Fast Bounded Online Gradient Descent Algorithms for Scalable Kernel-Based Online Learning.
A Dantzig Selector Approach to Temporal Difference Learning.
Online Bandit Learning against an Adaptive Adversary: from Regret to Policy Regret.
Rethinking Collapsed Variational Bayes Inference for LDA.
Exponential Regret Bounds for Gaussian Process Bandits with Deterministic Observations.
Robust PCA in High-dimension: A Deterministic Approach.
Cross-Domain Multitask Learning with Latent Probit Models.
Learning to Identify Regular Expressions that Describe Email Campaigns.
A Split-Merge Framework for Comparing Clusterings.
Efficient and Practical Stochastic Subgradient Descent for Nuclear Norm Regularization.
Deep Lambertian Networks.
Adaptive Regularization for Similarity Measures.
Active Learning for Matching Problems.
Hypothesis testing using pairwise distances and associated kernels.
Bayesian Watermark Attacks.
A Generalized Loop Correction Method for Approximate Inference in Graphical Models.
Factorized Asymptotic Bayesian Hidden Markov Models.
Modelling transition dynamics in MDPs with RKHS embeddings.
Scaling Up Coordinate Descent Algorithms for Large Regularization Problems.
Scene parsing with Multiscale Feature Learning, Purity Trees, and Optimal Covers.
Modeling Images using Transformed Indian Buffet Processes.
Decoupling Exploration and Exploitation in Multi-Armed Bandits.
The Kernelized Stochastic Batch Perceptron.
Finding Botnets Using Minimal Graph Clusterings.
Sparse-GEV: Sparse Latent Space Model for Multivariate Extreme Value Time Serie Modeling.
Sparse Additive Functional and Kernel CCA.
Nonparametric Link Prediction in Dynamic Networks.
Learning Task Grouping and Overlap in Multi-task Learning.
Continuous Inverse Optimal Control with Locally Optimal Examples.
Isoelastic Agents and Wealth Updates in Machine Learning Markets.
Inferring Latent Structure From Mixed Real and Categorical Relational Data.
Dirichlet Process with Mixed Random Measures: A Nonparametric Topic Model for Labeled Data.
Learning Object Arrangements in 3D Scenes using Human Context.
Clustering to Maximize the Ratio of Split to Diameter.
Learning the Central Events and Participants in Unlabeled Text.
Estimating the Hessian by Back-propagating Curvature.
Local Loss Optimization in Operator Models: A New Insight into Spectral Learning.
Regularizers versus Losses for Nonlinear Dimensionality Reduction: A Factored View with New Convex Relaxations.
Agglomerative Bregman Clustering.
On causal and anticausal learning.
Efficient Euclidean Projections onto the Intersection of Norm Balls.
Small-sample brain mapping: sparse recovery on spatially correlated designs with randomization and clustering.
Online community detection in social sensing.
Collective inference for network data with copula latent markov networks.
On the quest of discovering cultural trails in social media.
On the prediction of popularity of trends and hits for user generated videos.
Optimizing parallel algorithms for all pairs similarity search.
Improving the sensitivity of online controlled experiments by utilizing pre-experiment data.
Characterizing and supporting cross-device search tasks.
Rank quantization.
Studying inter-national mobility through IP geolocation.
Influence diffusion dynamics and influence maximization in social networks with friend and foe relationships.
NCDawareRank: a novel ranking method that exploits the decomposable structure of the web.
What's in a name?: an unsupervised approach to link users across communities.
Predicting content change on the web.
Towards Twitter context summarization with user influence models.
Sponsored search auctions.
Absence time and user engagement: evaluating ranking functions.
From machu_picchu to "rafting the urubamba river": anticipating information needs via the entity-query graph.
Advanced graph mining for community evaluation in social networks and the web.
Web usage mining for enhancing search-result delivery and helping users to find interesting web content.
Overlapping community detection at scale: a nonnegative matrix factorization approach.
App recommendation: a contest between satisfaction and temptation.
Geo topic model: joint modeling of user's activity area and interests for location recommendation.
Quasi-succinct indices.
Group sparse topical coding: from code to topic.
Using early view patterns to predict the popularity of youtube videos.
Characterizing and curating conversation threads: expansion, focus, volume, re-entry.
Anomaly, event, and fraud detection in large network datasets.
Workshop on semantic personalized information management (SPIM'13).
LaFT-tree: perceiving the expansion trace of one's circle of friends in online social networks.
Learning to rank for spatiotemporal search.
Modeling dynamic behavior in large evolving graphs.
Workshop on large-scale and distributed systems for information retrieval (LSDS-IR 2013).
A peek into the future: predicting the evolution of popularity in user generated content.
Sharding social networks.
3rd workshop on context-awareness in retrieval and recommendation.
On the streaming complexity of computing local clustering coefficients.
Document selection for tiered indexing in commerce search.
TYPiMatch: type-specific unsupervised learning of keys and key values for heterogeneous web data integration.
Identifying users' topical tasks in web search.
Have you done anything like that?: predicting performance using inter-category reputation.
Distinguishing topical and social groups based on common identity and bond theory.
Learning query and document similarities from click-through bipartite graph with metadata.
Building user profiles to improve user experience in recommender systems.
Models and algorithms for social influence analysis.
Co-factorization machines: modeling user interests and predicting individual decisions in Twitter.
Unsupervised graph-based topic labelling using dbpedia.
Patent partner recommendation in enterprise social networks.
Big data, lifelong machine learning and transfer learning.
Triplex transfer learning: exploiting both shared and distinct concepts for text classification.
GOP primary season on twitter: "popular" political sentiment in social media.
Pairwise ranking aggregation in a crowdsourced setting.
Exploiting homophily effect for trust prediction.
Time-sensitive web image ranking and retrieval via dynamic multi-task regression.
Differences in search engine evaluations between query owners and non-owners.
Econometric analysis and digital marketing: how tomeasure the effectiveness of an ad.
Expediting search trend detection via prediction of query counts.
Sixth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2013, Rome, Italy, February 4-8, 2013
Wiki3C: exploiting wikipedia for context-aware concept categorization.
Crawling deep web entity pages.
Optimized interleaving for online retrieval evaluation.
Connecting comments and tags: improved modeling of social tagging systems.
Retweet or not?: personalized tweet re-ranking.
Learning multiple-question decision trees for cold-start recommendation.
Modeling the impact of lifestyle on health at scale.
Wikipedia entity expansion and attribute extraction from the web using semi-supervised learning.
Optimizing top-k document retrieval strategies for block-max indexes.
Exploring structure and content on the web: extraction and integration of the semi-structured web.
(big) usage data in web search.
Translating related words to videos and back through latent topics.
Playing by the rules: mining query associations to predict search performance.
Structure and dynamics of information pathways in online media.
WSCD2013: workshop on web search click data 2013.
The virtual lab.
News recommendation via hypergraph learning: encapsulation of user behavior and news content.
Towards web-scale structured web data extraction.
Online multi-modal distance learning for scalable multimedia retrieval.
Threading machine generated email.
Balanced label propagation for partitioning massive graphs.
Maguro, a system for indexing and searching over very large text collections.
Mining the web to predict future events.
Bursty subgraphs in social networks.
Exploiting social relations for sentiment analysis in microblogging.
Latent factor models with additive and hierarchically-smoothed user preferences.
Optimizing budget constrained spend in search advertising.
Search and exploration of X-Rated information (SEXI 2013).
Reusing historical interaction data for faster online learning to rank for IR.
Information-theoretic measures of influence based on content dynamics.
Estimating content concreteness for finding comprehensible documents.
Arrival and departure dynamics in social networks.
Personalizing atypical web search sessions.
Robust query rewriting using anchor data.
Temporal web dynamics and its application to information retrieval.
Three findings regarding privacy online.
Data-driven political science.
Cascade-based community detection.
Efficient and effective retrieval using selective pruning.
A Web-based Intelligent System for the Daya Bay Contingency Plan in Hong Kong.
Multimodal Re-ranking of Product Image Search Results.
Improving ESA with Document Similarity.
Characterizing Health-Related Community Question Answering.
Predicting Information Diffusion in Social Networks Using Content and User's Profiles.
Using Text-Based Web Image Search Results Clustering to Minimize Mobile Devices Wasted Space-Interface.
A Task-Specific Query and Document Representation for Medical Records Search.
Re-leashed! The PuppyIR Framework for Developing Information Services for Children, Adults and Dogs.
Text Summarization while Maximizing Multiple Objectives with Lagrangian Relaxation.
How Tagging Pragmatics Influence Tag Sense Discovery in Social Annotation Systems.
Combining Recency and Topic-Dependent Temporal Variation for Microblog Search.
Estimation of the Collection Parameter of Information Models for IR.
Geo-spatial Event Detection in the Twitter Stream.
Cross-Language Plagiarism Detection Using a Multilingual Semantic Network.
Semantic Tagging of Places Based on User Interest Profiles from Online Social Networks.
Ranked Accuracy and Unstructured Distributed Search.
Lo mejor de dos idiomas - Cross-Lingual Linkage of Geotagged Wikipedia Articles.
Training Efficient Tree-Based Models for Document Ranking.
Is Intent-Aware Expected Reciprocal Rank Sufficient to Evaluate Diversity?
WANTED: Focused Queries for Focused Retrieval.
Intent-Based Browse Activity Segmentation.
A Pilot Study on Using Profile-Based Summarisation for Interactive Search Assistance.
Content-Based Re-ranking of Text-Based Image Search Results.
Exploiting Novelty and Diversity in Tag Recommendation.
Exploiting User Comments for Audio-Visual Content Indexing and Retrieval.
Increasing Stability of Result Organization for Session Search.
Exploiting Click Logs for Adaptive Intranet Navigation.
Searching the Web of Data.
Classification of Opinion Questions.
Open-Set Classification for Automated Genre Identification.
Hybrid Query Scheduling for a Replicated Search Engine.
ADRTrace: Detecting Expected and Unexpected Adverse Drug Reactions from User Reviews on Social Media Sites.
Domain Adaptation of Statistical Machine Translation Models with Monolingual Data for Cross Lingual Information Retrieval.
On CORI Results Merging.
VisNavi: Citation Context Visualization and Navigation.
Sub-sentence Extraction Based on Combinatorial Optimization.
Ontology-Based Word Sense Disambiguation for Scientific Literature.
Leveraging Microblogs for Spatiotemporal Music Information Retrieval.
Exploratory Search on Social Media.
Comparing Crowd-Based, Game-Based, and Machine-Based Approaches in Initial Query and Query Refinement Tasks.
Serelex: Search and Visualization of Semantically Related Words.
A Fast Generative Spell Corrector Based on Edit Distance.
Latent Factor BlockModel for Modelling Relational Data.
Integrating IR Technologies for Professional Search - (Full-Day Workshop).
OPARS: Objective Photo Aesthetics Ranking System.
Topic Model for User Reviews with Adaptive Windows.
Late Data Fusion for Microblog Search.
A Web Mining Tool for Assistance with Creative Writing.
Being Confident about the Quality of the Predictions in Recommender Systems.
Semantic Search Log k-Anonymization with Generalized k-Cores of Query Concept Graph.
Sentiment Classification Based on Phonetic Characteristics.
Doctoral Consortium at ECIR 2013.
Updating Users about Time Critical Events.
Political Hashtag Trends.
Query Suggestions for Textual Problem Solution Repositories.
Example Based Entity Search in the Web of Data.
Monolingual and Cross-Lingual Probabilistic Topic Models and Their Applications in Information Retrieval.
Near-Duplicate Detection for Online-Shops Owners: An FCA-Based Approach.
Snippet-Based Relevance Predictions for Federated Web Search.
Risk Ranking from Financial Reports.
Influence of Timeline and Named-Entity Components on User Engagement.
Least Square Consensus Clustering: Criteria, Methods, Experiments.
A Unified Framework for Monolingual and Cross-Lingual Relevance Modeling Based on Probabilistic Topic Models.
Aggregating Evidence from Hospital Departments to Improve Medical Records Search.
Face-Based People Searching in Videos.
Using Intent Information to Model User Behavior in Diversified Search.
Detecting Friday Night Party Photos: Semantics for Tag Recommendation.
Practical Online Retrieval Evaluation.
Encoding Local Binary Descriptors by Bag-of-Features with Hamming Distance for Visual Object Categorization.
A Topic Person Multi-polarization Method Using Friendship Network Analysis.
Folktale Classification Using Learning to Rank.
Advances in Information Retrieval - 35th European Conference on IR Research, ECIR 2013, Moscow, Russia, March 24-27, 2013. Proceedings
Subjectivity Annotation of the Microblog 2011 Realtime Adhoc Relevance Judgments.
Topic-Focused Summarization of Chat Conversations.
Towards Detection of Child Sexual Abuse Media: Categorization of the Associated Filenames.
Optimizing nDCG Gains by Minimizing Effect of Label Inconsistency.
An N-Gram Topic Model for Time-Stamped Documents.
The Impact of Temporal Intent Variability on Diversity Evaluation.
Exploiting Time in Automatic Image Tagging.
Recommending High Utility Query via Session-Flow Graph.
A Language Modeling Approach for Extracting Translation Knowledge from Comparable Corpora.
Extracting Event-Related Information from Article Updates in Wikipedia.
Learning to Rank from Structures in Hierarchical Text Classification.
Incremental Reranking for Hierarchical Text Classification.
Topic Models Can Improve Domain Term Extraction.
A Versatile Tool for Privacy-Enhanced Web Search.
Two-Stage Learning to Rank for Information Retrieval.
Robust PLSA Performs Better Than LDA.
Time Based Feedback and Query Expansion for Twitter Search.
Using WordNet Hypernyms and Dependency Features for Phrasal-Level Event Recognition and Type Classification.
From Republicans to Teenagers - Group Membership and Search (GRUMPS).
An Exploratory Study of Sensemaking in Collaborative Information Seeking.
Distributed Information Retrieval and Applications.
Understanding Relevance: An fMRI Study.
Web Credibility: Features Exploration and Credibility Prediction.
Sponsored Search Ad Selection by Keyword Structure Analysis.
Cognitive Temporal Document Priors.
Tempo of Search Actions to Modeling Successful Sessions.
$\mathcal{DS}^4$ : A Distributed Social and Semantic Search System.
URL Redirection Accounting for Improving Link-Based Ranking Methods.
Reducing the Uncertainty in Resource Selection.
Improving Cyberbullying Detection with User Context.
SIAM: Social Interaction Analysis for Multimedia.
Using Document-Quality Measures to Predict Web-Search Effectiveness.
Designing Human-Readable User Profiles for Search Evaluation.
Discovery and Analysis of Evolving Topical Social Discussions on Unstructured Microblogs.
Leveraging Latent Concepts for Retrieving Relevant Ads for Short Text.
A Joint Classification Method to Integrate Scientific and Social Networks.
Exploring Patent Passage Retrieval Using Nouns Phrases.
DTD Based Costs for Tree-Edit Distance in Structured Information Retrieval.
An Initial Investigation on the Relationship between Usage and Findability.
An Evaluation of Labelling-Game Data for Video Retrieval.
